# EB-02

## Sabo
**EB02-002**

[Activate: Main] You may rest this Character: Up to 1 of your {Revolutionary Army} type Characters other than [Sabo] gains +2000 power during this turn.

---

## Tony Tony.Chopper
**EB02-003**

[DON!! x2] [Opponent's Turn] This Character gains +2000 power.
[On Play] If your Leader has the {Straw Hat Crew} type, give up to 1 rested DON!! card to your Leader or 1 of your Characters.

---

## Fake Straw Hat Crew
**EB02-005**

[Your Turn] This Character gains +2000 power.
[Opponent's Turn] Give this Character −2000 power.

---

## Yamato
**EB02-006**

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] If your Leader has the {Land of Wano} type or is [Portgas.D.Ace], give up to 1 rested DON!! card to 1 of your Leader. Then, this Character gains [Rush] during this turn.

---

## Cloven Rose Blizzard
**EB02-007**

[Main] Up to a total of 3 of your Leader and Character cards gain +1000 power during this turn. Then, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 3000 power or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 4000 power or less.

---

## The Peak
**EB02-008**

[Main] Look at 4 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 card with a cost of 4 or more and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Main] effect.

---

## Thousand Sunny
**EB02-009**

[Activate: Main] You may rest this Stage: Give up to 1 of your currently given DON!! cards to 1 of your {Straw Hat Crew} type Characters.

---

## Monkey.D.Luffy
**EB02-010**

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] DON!! −2: If the only Characters on your field are {Straw Hat Crew} type Characters, set up to 2 of your DON!! cards as active. Then, this Leader gains +1000 power until the end of your opponent's next turn.

---

## Arlong
**EB02-011**

[On Play] If your Leader has the {Fish-Man} or {East Blue} type, give up to 1 rested DON!! card to 1 of your Leader. Then, up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 5 or less cannot be rested until the end of your opponent's next turn.

---

## Gaimon
**EB02-012**

If you have a [Sarfunkel], this Character gains [Blocker].

---

## Carrot
**EB02-013**

[On Play] If you have 3 or more DON!! cards on your field, look at 7 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 [Zou] and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order and play up to 1 [Zou] from your hand.

---

## Sarfunkel
**EB02-014**

[On Play] Play up to 1 [Gaimon] from your hand.

---

## Jewelry Bonney
**EB02-015**

[On Play] Up to 1 of your opponent's rested Characters will not become active in your opponent's next Refresh Phase. Then, set up to 1 of your DON!! cards as active at the end of this turn.

---

## Chopperman
**EB02-016**

Also treat this card's name as [Tony Tony.Chopper] according to the rules.
[On Play] Play up to 1 {Animal} type Character card with a cost of 3 or less from your hand.

---

## Nami
**EB02-017**

[On Play] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Straw Hat Crew} type card other than [Nami] and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Buggy
**EB02-018**

[On Play] If you have no other [Buggy] Characters, up to 1 of your Leader gains [Double Attack] during this turn.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 4 or less.

---

## Roronoa Zoro
**EB02-019**

If your opponent has 2 or more Characters, this Character can attack Characters on the turn in which it is played.
[On Play] If your Leader has the {Straw Hat Crew} type, rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 4 or less.

---

## We Are!
**EB02-020**

[Main] Look at 4 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 card with a cost of 4 or more and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Main] effect.

---

## Gum-Gum Giant Pistol
**EB02-021**

[Main] Up to 1 of your {Straw Hat Crew} type Characters gains +6000 power during this turn. Then, the selected Character will not become active in your next Refresh Phase.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 4 or less.

---

## Usopp
**EB02-022**

[On Play] If you have 2 or less Characters with 5000 power or more, play up to 1 Character card with 6000 power or less and no base effect from your hand.

---

## Crocodile
**EB02-023**

[Your Turn] [Once Per Turn] When your opponent's Character is returned to the owner's hand by your effect, look at 3 cards from the top of your deck and place them at the top or bottom of the deck in any order.

---

## Sogeking
**EB02-024**

Also treat this card's name as [Usopp] according to the rules.
[On Play] Draw 2 cards and place 2 cards from your hand at the bottom of your deck in any order. Then, return up to 1 Character with a cost of 1 or less to the owner's hand.

---

## Donquixote Rosinante
**EB02-025**

[Activate: Main] You may rest 1 of your DON!! cards and this Character: If your Leader is [Donquixote Rosinante], look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; play up to 1 Character card with a cost of 2 or less rested. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Nefeltari Vivi
**EB02-026**

[On Play] If your Leader is multicolored and you have 5 or less cards in your hand, draw 2 cards.

---

## Vista
**EB02-027**

[On Play] Place up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 1000 power or less at the bottom of the owner's deck.

---

## Portgas.D.Ace
**EB02-028**

[On Play] If your Leader's type includes "Whitebeard Pirates", look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 Character card with a cost of 2 and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order and play up to 1 Character card with a cost of 2 from your hand rested.

---

## And That's When Somebody Makes Fun of Their Friend's Dream!!!!
**EB02-030**

[Counter] If any of your Characters would be K.O.'d in battle during this turn, you may trash 1 card from your hand instead.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Draw 1 card.

---

## Hope
**EB02-031**

[Main] Look at 4 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 card with a cost of 4 or more and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Main] effect.

---

## Iceburg
**EB02-032**

[On Play] If you have 3 or more DON!! cards on your field, look at 7 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 [Galley-La Company] and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order and play up to 1 [Galley-La Company] from your hand.

---

## Klabautermann
**EB02-033**

If you have [Merry Go] on your field, this Character gains [Blocker].

---

## Sanji & Pudding
**EB02-035**

[Your Turn] [Once Per Turn] When 2 or more DON!! cards on your field are returned to your DON!! deck, add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and set it as active.
[On Play] If the number of DON!! cards on your field is equal to or less than the number on your opponent's field, draw 1 card.

---

## Nico Robin
**EB02-036**

[Blocker]
[On K.O.] DON!! −1: Look at 3 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Straw Hat Crew} type card and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Franky
**EB02-037**

[On Play]/[When Attacking] If your Leader has the {Straw Hat Crew} type and the number of DON!! cards on your field is equal to or less than the number on your opponent's field, add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and rest it.

---

## Magellan
**EB02-038**

[On Play] Play up to 1 {Impel Down} type Character card with a cost of 2 or less from your hand.

---

## GERMA 66
**EB02-039**

[Main] You may trash 1 {GERMA 66} type Character card with 4000 power or less from your hand: If the number of DON!! cards on your field is equal to or less than the number on your opponent's field, play up to 1 Character card with 5000 to 7000 power and the same card name as the trashed card from your trash.

---

## BRAND NEW WORLD
**EB02-040**

[Main] Look at 4 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 card with a cost of 4 or more and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Main] effect.

---

## Merry Go
**EB02-041**

[On Play] If your Leader has the {Straw Hat Crew} type, draw 1 card.
[Activate: Main] You may rest this Stage: If the number of DON!! cards on your field is equal to or less than the number on your opponent's field, up to 1 of your {Straw Hat Crew} type Characters gains +2 cost until the end of your opponent's next turn.

---

## Sengoku
**EB02-044**

[Blocker]
[On Play] Play up to 1 black {Navy} type Character card with a cost of 4 or less from your trash rested.

---

## Trafalgar Law
**EB02-045**

[Blocker]
[On Play] You may place 2 cards from your trash at the bottom of your deck in any order: Choose one:
• Draw 1 card.
• If your opponent has 5 or more cards in their hand, your opponent trashes 1 card from their hand.

---

## Hildon
**EB02-046**

[On Play] Trash 2 cards from the top of your deck and give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −1 cost during this turn.

---

## Blueno
**EB02-047**

[Activate: Main] You may trash 1 card from your hand and trash this Character: Play up to 1 Character card with a type including "CP" and a cost of 5 or less other than [Blueno] from your trash.

---

## Brook
**EB02-048**

[On Play] Add up to 1 [Laboon] from your trash to your hand.
[On K.O.] Play up to 1 [Laboon] with a cost of 4 or less from your hand.

---

## Monkey.D.Garp
**EB02-049**

[On Play] Give up to 2 rested DON!! cards to 1 of your Leader.
[Activate: Main] You may rest this Character: If your Leader is [Monkey.D.Garp], K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 1 or less.

---

## Kokoro no Chizu
**EB02-050**

[Main] Look at 4 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 card with a cost of 4 or more and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Main] effect.

---

## Three-Pace Hum Soul Notch Slash
**EB02-051**

[Main] Choose one:
• K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 2 or less.
• Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −4 cost during this turn.

---

## Enel
**EB02-052**

If your Leader has the {Sky Island} type, this Character gains [Rush].
[When Attacking] You may trash 1 card from your hand: If you have 1 or less Life cards, add up to 1 card from the top of your deck to the top of your Life cards. Then, this Character gains +1000 power during this turn.

---

## Myskina Olga
**EB02-053**

[On Play]/[On K.O.] Look at up to 1 card from the top of your or your opponent's Life cards and place it at the top or bottom of the Life cards.

---

## Sanji
**EB02-054**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Play] If you have 2 or less Life cards, draw 2 cards and trash 1 card from your hand.

---

## Vegapunk
**EB02-056**

[Blocker]
[On Play] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; play up to 1 {Scientist} type Character card with a cost of 5 or less other than [Vegapunk]. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order and if your opponent has 2 or less Characters, trash 1 card from your hand.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Draw 1 card.

---

## Mad Treasure
**EB02-057**

[When Attacking] You may add 1 card from the top or bottom of your Life cards to your hand: Add up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 3 or less to the top or bottom of your opponent's Life cards face-up.

---

## UUUUUS!
**EB02-058**

[Main] Look at 4 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 card with a cost of 4 or more and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Main] effect.

---

## Without Your Help I Can't Become the King of the Pirates!!!!
**EB02-059**

[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +1000 power during this battle. Then, if you have 1 or less Life cards, play up to 1 of your yellow {Straw Hat Crew} type Character cards or [Sanji] with a cost of 5 or less from your hand.

---

## Merry Go
**EB02-060**

[Activate: Main] You may rest this Stage and turn 1 card from the top of your Life cards face-up: Up to 1 of your {Straw Hat Crew} type Characters gains +1000 power until the end of your opponent's next turn.

---

## Monkey.D.Luffy
**EB02-061**

If your Leader is multicolored and your opponent has 5 or more DON!! cards on their field, this Character gains [Rush].
[When Attacking] [Once Per Turn] You may return 2 of your active DON!! cards to your DON!! deck: Set this Character as active. Then, add 1 card from the top of your Life cards to your hand.

---
