# EB-03

## Nefeltari Vivi
**EB03-001** · Leader · Red/Blue

[Once Per Turn] If your Character with a base cost of 4 or more would be K.O.'d, you may trash 1 card from your hand instead.
[Activate: Main] You may rest this Leader: Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −2000 power during this turn. Then, up to 1 of your Characters without a [When Attacking] effect gains [Rush] during this turn.

---

## Uta
**EB03-003** · Character · Red

[On Play] If your Leader is [Uta], draw 2 cards. Then, play up to 1 Character card with 6000 power or less and no base effect from your hand.

---

## Carina
**EB03-004** · Character · Red

[Blocker]
[Opponent's Turn] If your Leader is multicolored and you have no Characters with 6000 base power or more, this Character gains +4000 power.

---

## Sugar
**EB03-005** · Character · Red

[On Play] If your Leader is [Sugar], play up to 1 {Donquixote Pirates} type Character card with 6000 power or less from your hand rested.

---

## Nami
**EB03-006** · Character · Red

[On Play] You may give your active Leader −5000 power during this turn: Draw 1 card.
[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] If your Leader has the {Alabasta} type, give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −1000 power during this turn.

---

## Baccarat
**EB03-007** · Character · Red

[Blocker]
[On K.O.] Play up to 1 Character card with 6000 power or less and no base effect from your hand.

---

## Hibari
**EB03-008** · Character · Red

[On Play]/[When Attacking] Up to 1 of your {SWORD} type Leader or Character cards can also attack active Characters during this turn.
[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −1000 power during this turn.

---

## Makino
**EB03-009** · Character · Red

[Activate: Main] You may rest this Character: Up to 1 of your Characters with no base effect gains +2000 power during this turn.

---

## Monet
**EB03-010** · Character · Red

[Blocker]
[On Play] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 Character card with 1000 power or less or up to 1 Event card and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## But If We Ever See Each Other Again... Will You Call Me Your Shipmate?!!
**EB03-011** · Event · Red

[Counter] If your Leader is [Nefeltari Vivi], up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +4000 power during this battle.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −2000 power during this turn.

---

## Otama
**EB03-012** · Character · Green

[Activate: Main] You may rest this Character: Rest up to 1 of your opponent's DON!! cards or {Animal} or {SMILE} type Characters with a cost of 3 or less.

---

## Carrot
**EB03-013** · Character · Green

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] If this Character was played on this turn, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's rested Characters with a cost of 5 or less. Then, play up to 1 [Zou] from your hand.

---

## Kuina
**EB03-014** · Character · Green

[Activate: Main] You may rest this Character: Give up to 2 rested DON!! cards to your  attribute Leader.

---

## Camie
**EB03-015** · Character · Green

[Activate: Main] You may rest this Character: Give up to 1 rested DON!! card to 1 of your {Fish-Man} or {Merfolk} type Leader or Character cards. Then, rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 2 or less.

---

## Kouzuki Hiyori
**EB03-016** · Character · Green

[On Play] If your Leader is [Kouzuki Oden], draw 1 card.
[Activate: Main] You may trash this Character: Give up to 1 rested DON!! card to your {Land of Wano} type Leader.

---

## Jewelry Bonney
**EB03-017** · Character · Green

[On Play] If your Leader has the {Supernovas} type, set up to 1 of your DON!! cards as active. Then, up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 8 or less cannot be rested until the end of your opponent's next End Phase.

---

## Tashigi
**EB03-018** · Character · Green

[Opponent's Turn] This Character cannot be K.O.'d by your opponent's effects and gains [Blocker].
[End of Your Turn] You may rest 1 of your DON!! cards and trash 1 card from your hand: Set this Character as active.

---

## Wanda
**EB03-019** · Character · Green

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## There You Are, Sore Loser!
**EB03-020** · Event · Green

[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +2000 power during this battle. Then, if you have 2 or more {FILM} type Characters, that card gains an additional +2000 power during this battle.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Set up to 1 of your Characters as active.

---

## Alvida
**EB03-021** · Character · Blue

[On Play] You may trash 1 card from your hand: Place up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 4000 base power or less and up to 1 Character with a base cost of 3 or less at the bottom of the owner's deck.

---

## Isuka
**EB03-022** · Character · Blue

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Play] Place up to 1 Character with a cost of 4 or less at the bottom of the owner's deck.

---

## Kaya
**EB03-023** · Character · Blue

[On Play] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck and place them at the top or bottom of the deck in any order.

---

## Nefeltari Vivi
**EB03-024** · Character · Blue

[Blocker]
[On Play] Play up to 1 {Alabasta} or {Straw Hat Crew} type Character card with a cost of 5 or less from your hand. Then, you cannot play any Character cards on your field during this turn.

---

## Hina
**EB03-025** · Character · Blue

[On Play] You may trash 1 card from your hand: Return up to 1 Character with 6000 base power to the owner's hand.

---

## Boa Hancock
**EB03-026** · Character · Blue

[On Play] If your opponent has 5 or more cards in their hand, your opponent places 1 card from their hand at the bottom of their deck.
[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] You may place 1 of your Characters at the bottom of the owner's deck: Give your Leader and 1 Character up to 1 rested DON!! card each.

---

## Marguerite
**EB03-027** · Character · Blue

[On Play] Return up to 1 Character with 7000 base power to the owner's hand.

---

## Yu
**EB03-028** · Character · Blue

[On Play] Trash 1 card from your hand.
[Activate: Main] You may trash this Character: If you have 4 or less cards in your hand, draw 2 cards.

---

## Insolent Fool!! Stand Down!!
**EB03-029** · Event · Blue

[Main] You may rest 4 of your DON!! cards: If your Leader is [Boa Hancock], play up to 1 {Amazon Lily} or {Kuja Pirates} type Character card with a cost of 6 or less from your hand.
[Counter] Up to 1 of your [Boa Hancock] cards gains +3000 power during this battle.

---

## Vinsmoke Reiju
**EB03-031** · Character · Purple

[Your Turn] [On Play] DON!! −1: If your Leader is [Sanji], activate the [Main] effect of up to 1 Event card with a cost of 7 or less in your trash.

---

## Charlotte Flampe
**EB03-032** · Character · Purple

[Your Turn] [On Play] Up to 1 of your [Charlotte Katakuri] cards gains +2000 power during this turn.

---

## Charlotte Brulee
**EB03-033** · Character · Purple

[Opponent's Turn] [Once Per Turn] When a DON!! card on your field is returned to your DON!! deck by your effect, if your Leader has the {Big Mom Pirates} type, add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and rest it.

---

## Charlotte Linlin
**EB03-034** · Character · Purple

[On Play] Draw 1 card and place 1 card from your hand at the top of your deck. Then, add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and set it as active.
[On K.O.] DON!! −1: Add up to 1 card from the top of your deck to the top of your Life cards.

---

## Charlotte Pudding
**EB03-035** · Character · Purple

[Blocker]
[On Play] If the number of DON!! cards on your field is equal to or less than the number on your opponent's field, add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and rest it.

---

## Baby 5
**EB03-036** · Character · Purple

[On Play] DON!! −1 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): K.O. up to 2 of your opponent's Characters with a base cost of 3 or less.

---

## Lim
**EB03-037** · Character · Purple

[On Play] If you have 7 or more DON!! cards on your field, all of your {ODYSSEY} type Leader and Character cards gain +1000 power until the end of your opponent's next End Phase.

---

## Thanks for the Treat. ♡
**EB03-038** · Event · Purple

[Main] You may rest 1 of your DON!! cards: If the number of DON!! cards on your field is equal to or less than the number on your opponent's field and you only have Characters with a type including "GERMA", add up to 2 DON!! cards from your DON!! deck and rest them.
[Counter] Your Leader gains +3000 power during this battle.

---

## Ulti
**EB03-039** · Character · Black

[On Play] If your Leader has the {Animal Kingdom Pirates} type, draw 1 card and trash 1 card from your hand. Then, play up to 1 Character card with 6000 power or less and no base effect from your trash.

---

## Kujyaku
**EB03-041** · Character · Black

[Opponent's Turn] All of your {SWORD} type Characters with a cost of 6 or less gain +2000 power.
[On Play] You may trash 1 {Navy} type card from your hand: Draw 2 cards.

---

## Koala
**EB03-042** · Character · Black

If your Leader has the {Revolutionary Army} type, this Character gains +4 cost.
[Opponent's Turn] [On K.O.] Play up to 1 {Revolutionary Army} type Character card with a cost of 6 or less other than [Koala] or up to 1 [Nico Robin] with a cost of 6 or less from your hand or trash.

---

## Stussy
**EB03-043** · Character · Black

[Blocker]
[On Play] You may place 2 cards with a type including "CP" from your trash at the bottom of your deck in any order: K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 4 or less.

---

## Black Maria
**EB03-044** · Character · Black

If your Leader is multicolored, this Character gains [Blocker].
[On Play] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 [Onigashima Island] and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order and play up to 1 [Onigashima Island] from your hand.

---

## Perona
**EB03-045** · Character · Black

[Blocker]
[On Play] Give up to 1 rested DON!! card to your Leader or 1 of your Characters. Then, if you have 10 or more cards in your trash, play up to 1 {Thriller Bark Pirates} type Character card with a cost of 2 or less from your trash rested.

---

## Miss Doublefinger(Zala)
**EB03-046** · Character · Black

[On Play] If there is a Character with a cost of 0 or with a cost of 8 or more, draw 1 card.
[On K.O.] Trash 2 cards from the top of your deck.

---

## Miss.Valentine(Mikita)
**EB03-047** · Character · Black

[On Play] Trash 3 cards from the top of your deck.
[On K.O.] Draw 1 card.

---

## Rebecca
**EB03-048** · Character · Black

[Blocker]
[On Play] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Dressrosa} type Stage card and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order and play up to 1 {Dressrosa} type Stage card with a cost of 1 from your hand.

---

## I Knew You People Were Behind This.
**EB03-049** · Event · Black

[Main] You may rest 7 of your DON!! cards: If your Leader is [Perona], play up to 1 {Thriller Bark Pirates} type Character card with a cost of 6 or less and up to 1 {Thriller Bark Pirates} type Character card with a cost of 4 or less from your hand or trash.
[Counter] Your Leader gains +3000 power during this battle.

---

## Conis
**EB03-050** · Character · Yellow

[On Play] Up to 1 of your {Sky Island} type Characters gains [Double Attack] during this turn.
(This card deals 2 damage.)

---

## Charlotte Smoothie
**EB03-051** · Character · Yellow

[On Play] If you have a face-up Life card, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 2 or less. Then, turn all of your Life cards face-down.

---

## Shirahoshi
**EB03-052** · Character · Yellow

[Activate: Main] You may trash this Character: If your Leader is [Shirahoshi], add 1 card from the top of your deck to the top of your Life cards. Then, all of your {Neptunian} type Characters gain +1000 power during this turn.

---

## Nami
**EB03-053** · Character · Yellow

[On Play] Give up to 1 rested DON!! card to your Leader. Then, if your opponent has 3 or more Life cards, add up to 1 card from the top of your opponent's Life cards to the owner's hand.
[On K.O.] You may turn 1 card from the top of your Life cards face-up: Play up to 1 Character card with 6000 power or less from your hand.

---

## Nico Robin
**EB03-054** · Character · Yellow

[On Play] You may trash 1 card from the top of your Life cards: Add up to 1 card from the top of your deck to the top of your Life cards.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] You may trash 1 card from your hand: Play this card.

---

## Nico Robin
**EB03-055** · Character · Yellow

[On Play] You may trash 1 card from the top of your Life cards: If your Leader has the {Straw Hat Crew} type, add up to 2 cards from the top of your deck to the top of your Life cards.
[Opponent's Turn] [On K.O.] You may deal 1 damage to your opponent.

---

## Belo Betty
**EB03-056** · Character · Yellow

[On Play] You may turn 1 card from the top of your Life cards face-up: K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a base cost of 3 or less.

---

## Yamato
**EB03-057** · Character · Yellow

[On Play] Give up to 3 rested DON!! cards to your {Land of Wano} type Leader.
[On K.O.] Trash up to 1 card from the top of your opponent's Life cards.

---

## Lilith
**EB03-058** · Character · Yellow

[Your Turn] [On Play] If you have 2 or less Life cards, draw 1 card.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] If your Leader is [Vegapunk], play this card.

---

## S-Snake
**EB03-059** · Character · Yellow

[On Play] If your Leader has the {Egghead} type and you have 2 or more Life cards, add up to 1 Character card with a [Trigger] from your hand to the top of your Life cards face-up.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 6 or less other than [Monkey.D.Luffy] cannot attack during this turn.

---

## Will You Be My Servant?
**EB03-060** · Event · Yellow

[Main] If your Leader is [Nami], look at 4 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 card with a cost of 2 to 8 and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Main] effect.

---

## Uta
**EB03-061** · Character · Green

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] Set up to 1 of your DON!! cards as active. Then, rest up to 1 of your opponent's DON!! cards or Characters with a cost of 4 or less.
[End of Your Turn] You may rest 1 of your DON!! cards: Set up to 1 of your {FILM} type Characters as active.

---

## Trafalgar Law
**EB03-062** · Character · Yellow

[Rush]
[Activate: Main] You may trash 1 card from your hand and trash this Character: Add up to 1 card from the top of your deck to the top of your Life cards. Then, play up to 1 [Trafalgar Law] with a cost of 7 or less from your hand.

---
