# EB-01

## Kouzuki Oden
**EB01-001** · Leader · Red/Green

All of your {Land of Wano} type Character cards without a Counter have a +1000 Counter, according to the rules.
[DON!! x1] [When Attacking] If you have a {Land of Wano} type Character with a cost of 5 or more, this Leader gains +1000 power until the start of your next turn.

---

## Izo
**EB01-002** · Character · Red

[On Play] Give up to 1 rested DON!! card to your Leader or 1 of your Characters.[On Your Opponent's Attack] [Once Per Turn] You may trash 1 card from your hand: If your Leader has the {Land of Wano} or {Whitebeard Pirates} type, give up to 1 of your opponent's Leader or Character cards −2000 power during this turn.

---

## Kid & Killer
**EB01-003** · Character · Red

[Rush] (This card can attack on the turn in which it is played.)[When Attacking] If your opponent has 2 or less Life cards, this Character gains +2000 power during this turn.

---

## Koza
**EB01-004** · Character · Red

[When Attacking] You may give your 1 active Leader −5000 power during this turn: Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −3000 power during this turn.

---

## Tony Tony.Chopper
**EB01-006** · Character · Red

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)[DON!! x2] [When Attacking] Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −3000 power during this turn.

---

## Yamato
**EB01-007** · Character · Red

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] Give up to 1 rested DON!! card to your Leader or 1 of your Characters.

---

## LittleOars Jr.
**EB01-008** · Character · Red

[Once Per Turn] If this Character would be K.O.'d by an effect, you may trash 1 Event or Stage card from your hand instead.

---

## Just Shut Up and Come with Us!!!!
**EB01-009** · Event · Red

[Counter] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck and play up to 1 {Animal} type Character card with a cost of 3 or less. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## There's No Way You Could Defeat Me!!
**EB01-010** · Event · Red

[Counter] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 6000 base power or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 5000 base power or less.

---

## Mini-Merry
**EB01-011** · Stage · Red

[Activate: Main] You may rest this card and place 1 of your Characters with 1000 base power at the bottom of your deck: Draw 1 card.

---

## Cavendish
**EB01-012** · Character · Green

[On Play]/[When Attacking] If your Leader has the {Supernovas} type and you have no other [Cavendish] Characters, set up to 2 of your DON!! cards as active.

---

## Kouzuki Hiyori
**EB01-013** · Character · Green

[Activate: Main] You may trash this Character: Play up to 1 {Land of Wano} type Character card with a cost of 5 or less other than [Kouzuki Hiyori] from your hand. Then, draw 1 card.

---

## Sanji
**EB01-014** · Character · Green

[DON!! x1] [Your Turn] This Character gains +1000 power for every 3 of your rested DON!! cards.

---

## Scratchmen Apoo
**EB01-015** · Character · Green

[On Play] Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 2 or less.

---

## Bingoh
**EB01-016** · Character · Green

[Activate: Main] You may rest this Character: K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's rested Characters with a cost of 1 or less.

---

## Blueno
**EB01-017** · Character · Green

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## Off-White
**EB01-019** · Event · Green

[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +4000 power during this battle. Then, look at 3 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Donquixote Pirates} type Character card and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Chambres
**EB01-020** · Event · Green

[Main] If your Leader has the {Supernovas} type, return 1 of your Characters to the owner's hand, and play up to 1 Character card with a cost of 2 or less from your hand that is a different color than the returned Character.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Main] effect.

---

## Hannyabal
**EB01-021** · Leader · Blue/Purple

[End of Your Turn] You may return 1 of your {Impel Down} type Characters with a cost of 2 or more to the owner's hand: Add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and set it as active.

---

## Inazuma
**EB01-022** · Character · Blue

[End of Your Turn] If you have 2 or less cards in your hand, draw 2 cards.

---

## Edward Weevil
**EB01-023** · Character · Blue

[On Play] Draw 1 card.

---

## Hamlet
**EB01-024** · Character · Blue

If you have 4 or less cards in your hand, all of your {SMILE} type Characters gain +1000 power.

---

## Prince Bellett
**EB01-026** · Character · Blue

[DON!! x1] [When Attacking] If you have 1 or less cards in your hand, return up to 1 Character with a cost of 3 or less to the owner's hand.

---

## Mr.1(Daz.Bonez)
**EB01-027** · Character · Blue

If your Leader's type includes "Baroque Works", this Character gains +1000 power for every 2 Events in your trash.
[On Play] Draw 2 cards and trash 1 card from your hand.

---

## Gum-Gum Champion Rifle
**EB01-028** · Event · Blue

[Counter] If your Leader has the {Impel Down} type, up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +2000 power during this battle. Then, your opponent returns 1 of their active Characters to the owner's hand.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Return up to 1 Character with a cost of 3 or less to the bottom of the owner's deck.

---

## Sorry. I'm a Goner.
**EB01-029** · Event · Blue

[Counter] Reveal 1 card from the top of your deck. If the revealed card has a cost of 4 or more, return up to 1 of your Characters to the owner's hand. Then, place the revealed card at the bottom of your deck.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Return up to 1 Character with a cost of 8 or less to the owner's hand.

---

## Loguetown
**EB01-030** · Stage · Blue

[Activate: Main] You may place this card and 1 card from your hand at the bottom of your deck in any order: Draw 2 cards.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Play this card.

---

## Kalifa
**EB01-031** · Character · Purple

[On Play] DON!! −1 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): If your Leader has the {Water Seven} type, add up to 2 Character cards with a cost of 4 or less from your trash to your hand.

---

## Blueno
**EB01-033** · Character · Purple

[On Play] DON!! −1 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): If your Leader has the {Water Seven} type, play up to 1 {Water Seven} type Character card with a cost of 5 other than [Blueno] from your hand or trash.

---

## Ms. Wednesday
**EB01-034** · Character · Purple

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Your Opponent's Attack] [Once Per Turn] DON!! −1 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): If your Leader's type includes "Baroque Works", add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and set it as active.

---

## Ms. Monday
**EB01-035** · Character · Purple

[On Play] If your Leader's type includes "Baroque Works", up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +1000 power during this turn.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] DON!! −1 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): Play this card.

---

## Minochihuahua
**EB01-036** · Character · Purple

[Rush] (This card can attack on the turn in which it is played.)
[On K.O.] If your Leader has the {Impel Down} type, add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and rest it.

---

## Mr. 9
**EB01-037** · Character · Purple

[On Your Opponent's Attack] [Once Per Turn] DON!! −1 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 2 or less.

---

## Oh Come My Way
**EB01-038** · Event · Purple

[Counter] DON!! −1 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): If your Leader's type includes "Baroque Works", select 1 of your Characters. Change the attack target to the selected Character.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] DON!! −1: Draw 2 cards.

---

## Conquerer of Three Worlds Ragnaraku
**EB01-039** · Event · Purple

[Main] DON!! −1 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 8 or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and set it as active.

---

## Kyros
**EB01-040** · Leader · Black/Yellow

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] You may turn 1 card from the top of your Life cards face-up: K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 0.

---

## Scarlet
**EB01-042** · Character · Black

[Activate: Main] You may trash this Character: Play up to 1 {Dressrosa} type Character card with a cost of 3 or less other than [Scarlet] from your hand rested. Then, give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −2 cost during this turn.

---

## Spandine
**EB01-043** · Character · Black

[On Play] You may place 3 cards with a type including "CP" from your trash at the bottom of your deck in any order: Play up to 1 Character card with a type including "CP" and a cost of 4 or less other than [Spandine] from your trash rested.

---

## Funkfreed
**EB01-044** · Character · Black

[Activate: Main] You may rest this Character: Up to 1 of your [Spandam] Characters gains +3000 power during this turn.

---

## Brook
**EB01-045** · Character · Black

[On Play] If your opponent has a Character with a cost of 0, this Character gains [Rush] during this turn.
(This card can attack on the turn in which it is played.)

---

## Brook
**EB01-046** · Character · Black

[On Play]/[When Attacking] Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −1 cost during this turn. Then, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 0.

---

## Laboon
**EB01-047** · Character · Black

[Once Per Turn] When a Character is K.O.'d, draw 1 card and trash 1 card from your hand.

---

## Laboon
**EB01-048** · Character · Black

[Activate: Main] You may rest this Character: Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −4 cost during this turn.

---

## T-Bone
**EB01-049** · Character · Black

[On Play] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 2 or less.

---

## ...I Want to Live!!
**EB01-050** · Event · Black

[Counter] If you have 30 or more cards in your trash, add up to 1 card from the top of your deck to the top of your Life cards.

---

## Finger Pistol
**EB01-051** · Event · Black

[Main] You may trash 2 cards from the top of your deck: K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 5 or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Main] effect.

---

## Viola
**EB01-052** · Character · Yellow

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Play] Choose one:
• Look at all of your opponent's Life cards and place them back in their Life area in any order.
• Turn all of your Life cards face-down.

---

## Gastino
**EB01-053** · Character · Yellow

[On Play] Place up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 3 or less at the top or bottom of your opponent's Life cards face-up.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Give up to a total of 2 of your opponent's Leader or Character cards −3000 power during this turn.

---

## Gan.Fall
**EB01-054** · Character · Yellow

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Play] If your opponent has 1 or less Life cards, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 3 or less.

---

## Charlotte Flampe
**EB01-056** · Character · Yellow

[On Play] You may add 1 card from the top or bottom of your Life cards to your hand: Draw 1 card.

---

## Shirahoshi
**EB01-057** · Character · Yellow

When this Character is K.O.'d by your opponent's effect, add up to 1 card from the top of your deck to the top of your Life cards.
[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## Mont Blanc Cricket
**EB01-058** · Character · Yellow

[DON!! x1] [Your Turn] If you have 2 or less Life cards, this Character gains +2000 power.

---

## Kingdom Come
**EB01-059** · Event · Yellow

[Main] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters. Then, trash cards from the top of your Life cards until you have 1 Life card.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost equal to or less than the total of your and your opponent's Life cards.

---

## Did Someone Say...Kami?
**EB01-060** · Event · Yellow

[Main] Play up to 1 [Enel] with a cost of 7 or less from your hand or trash. Then, trash cards from the top of your Life cards until you have 1 Life card.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Draw 2 cards and trash 1 card from your hand.

---

## Mr.2.Bon.Kurei(Bentham)
**EB01-061** · Character · Purple

[On Play] Add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and set it as active.
[When Attacking] Select up to 1 of your opponent's Characters. This Character's base power becomes the same as the selected Character's power during this turn.

---
