# OP-06

## Uta
**OP06-001** · Leader · Red/Purple

[When Attacking] You may trash 1 {FILM} type card from your hand: Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −2000 power during this turn. Then, add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and rest it.

---

## Inazuma
**OP06-002** · Character · Red

If this Character has 7000 power or more, this Character gains [Banish].
(When this card deals damage, the target card is trashed without activating its Trigger.)

---

## Emporio.Ivankov
**OP06-003** · Character · Red

[On Play] Look at 3 cards from the top of your deck and play up to 1 {Revolutionary Army} type Character card with 5000 power or less. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Baron Omatsuri
**OP06-004** · Character · Red

[On Play] Play up to 1 [Lily Carnation] from your hand.

---

## Saga
**OP06-006** · Character · Red

[DON!! x1] [When Attacking] This Character gains +1000 power until the start of your next turn. Then, trash 1 of your {FILM} type Characters at the end of this turn.

---

## Shanks
**OP06-007** · Character · Red

[On Play] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 10000 power or less.

---

## Shuraiya
**OP06-009** · Character · Red

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[When Attacking]/[On Block] [Once Per Turn] This Character's base power becomes the same as your opponent's Leader until the start of your next turn.

---

## Douglas Bullet
**OP06-010** · Character · Red

If your Leader has the {FILM} type, this Character gains [Blocker].
(After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## Tot Musica
**OP06-011** · Character · Red

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] You may rest 1 of your [Uta] cards: This Character gains +5000 power during this turn.

---

## Bear.King
**OP06-012** · Character · Red

If your opponent has a Leader or Character with a base power of 6000 or more, this Character cannot be K.O.'d in battle.

---

## Monkey.D.Luffy
**OP06-013** · Character · Red

[On Play] Look at 3 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {FILM} type card and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [On Play] effect.

---

## Ratchet
**OP06-014** · Character · Red

[On Your Opponent's Attack] You may trash any number of {FILM} type cards from your hand. Your Leader or 1 of your Characters gains +1000 power during this battle for every card trashed.

---

## Lily Carnation
**OP06-015** · Character · Red

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] You may trash 1 of your Characters with 6000 power or more: Play up to 1 {FILM} type Character card with 2000 to 5000 power from your trash rested.

---

## Raise Max
**OP06-016** · Character · Red

[Activate: Main] You may place this Character at the bottom of the owner's deck: Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −3000 power during this turn.

---

## Meteor-Strike of Love
**OP06-017** · Event · Red

[Main]/[Counter] You may add 1 card from the top of your Life cards to your hand: Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +3000 power during this turn.

---

## Gum-Gum King Kong Gatling
**OP06-018** · Event · Red

[Main] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +3000 power during this turn. Then, if your opponent has a Character with 7000 power or more, up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +1000 power during this turn.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 5000 power or less.

---

## Blue Dragon Seal Water Stream
**OP06-019** · Event · Red

[Main] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 5000 power or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 4000 power or less.

---

## Hody Jones
**OP06-020** · Leader · Green

[Activate: Main] You may rest this Leader: Rest up to 1 of your opponent's DON!! cards or Characters with a cost of 3 or less. Then, you cannot add Life cards to your hand using your own effects during this turn.

---

## Perona
**OP06-021** · Leader · Green/Black

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] Choose one:
• Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 4 or less.
• Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −1 cost during this turn.

---

## Yamato
**OP06-022** · Leader · Green/Yellow

[Double Attack] (This card deals 2 damage.)
[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] If your opponent has 3 or less Life cards, give up to 2 rested DON!! cards to 1 of your Characters.

---

## Arlong
**OP06-023** · Character · Green

[On Play] You may trash 1 card from your hand: Up to 1 of your opponent's rested Leader cannot attack until the end of your opponent's next turn.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 4 or less.

---

## Ikaros Much
**OP06-024** · Character · Green

[On Play] If your Leader has the {New Fish-Man Pirates} type, play up to 1 {Fish-Man} type Character card with a cost of 4 or less from your hand. Then, add 1 card from the top of your Life cards to your hand.

---

## Camie
**OP06-025** · Character · Green

[On Play] Look at 4 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Fish-Man} or {Merfolk} type card other than [Camie] and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Koushirou
**OP06-026** · Character · Green

[On Play] Set up to 1 of your

---

## Gyro
**OP06-027** · Character · Green

[On K.O.] Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 3 or less.

---

## Zeo
**OP06-028** · Character · Green

[DON!! x1] [When Attacking] If your Leader has the {New Fish-Man Pirates} type, set up to 1 of your DON!! cards as active and this Character gains +1000 power during this turn. Then, add 1 card from the top of your Life cards to your hand.

---

## Daruma
**OP06-029** · Character · Green

[DON!! x1] [When Attacking] [Once Per Turn] If your Leader has the {New Fish-Man Pirates} type, set this Character as active and this Character gains +1000 power during this turn. Then, add 1 card from the top of your Life cards to your hand.

---

## Dosun
**OP06-030** · Character · Green

[When Attacking] If your Leader has the {New Fish-Man Pirates} type, this Character cannot be K.O.'d in battle and gains +2000 power until the start of your next turn. Then, add 1 card from the top of your Life cards to your hand.

---

## Hammond
**OP06-032** · Character · Green

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## Vander Decken IX
**OP06-033** · Character · Green

[On Play] You may trash 1 {Fish-Man} type card from your hand or 1 [The Ark Noah] from your hand or field: K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's rested Characters.

---

## Hyouzou
**OP06-034** · Character · Green

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 4 or less and this Character gains +1000 power during this turn. Then, add 1 card from the top of your Life cards to your hand.

---

## Hody Jones
**OP06-035** · Character · Green

[Rush] (This card can attack on the turn in which it is played.)
[On Play] Rest up to a total of 2 of your opponent's Characters or DON!! cards. Then, add 1 card from the top of your Life cards to your hand.

---

## Ryuma
**OP06-036** · Character · Green

[On Play]/[On K.O.] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's rested Characters with a cost of 4 or less.

---

## The Billion-fold World Trichiliocosm
**OP06-038** · Event · Green

[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +2000 power during this battle. Then, if you have 8 or more rested cards, that card gains an additional +2000 power during this battle.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's rested Characters with a cost of 3 or less.

---

## You Ain't Even Worth Killing Time!!
**OP06-039** · Event · Green

[Main] Choose one:
• Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 6 or less.
• K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's rested Characters with a cost of 6 or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Main] effect.

---

## Shark Arrows
**OP06-040** · Event · Green

[Main] K.O. up to 2 of your opponent's rested Characters with a cost of 3 or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Main] effect.

---

## The Ark Noah
**OP06-041** · Stage · Green

[On Play] Rest all of your opponent's Characters.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Play this card.

---

## Vinsmoke Reiju
**OP06-042** · Leader · Blue/Purple

[Your Turn] [Once Per Turn] When a DON!! card on your field is returned to your DON!! deck, draw 1 card.

---

## Aramaki
**OP06-043** · Character · Blue

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] You may trash 1 card from your hand and place 1 Character with a cost of 2 or less at the bottom of the owner's deck: This Character gains +3000 power during this turn.

---

## Gion
**OP06-044** · Character · Blue

[Your Turn] [Once Per Turn] When your opponent activates an Event, your opponent must place 1 card from their hand at the bottom of their deck.

---

## Kuzan
**OP06-045** · Character · Blue

[On Play] Draw 2 cards and place 2 cards from your hand at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Sakazuki
**OP06-046** · Character · Blue

[On Play] Place up to 1 Character with a cost of 2 or less at the bottom of the owner's deck.

---

## Charlotte Pudding
**OP06-047** · Character · Blue

[On Play] Your opponent returns all cards in their hand to their deck and shuffles their deck. Then, your opponent draws 5 cards.

---

## Zeff
**OP06-048** · Character · Blue

[Your Turn] When your opponent activates [Blocker] or an Event, if your Leader has the {East Blue} type, you may trash 4 cards from the top of your deck.

---

## Tashigi
**OP06-050** · Character · Blue

[On Play] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Navy} type card other than [Tashigi] and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Tsuru
**OP06-051** · Character · Blue

[On Play] You may trash 2 cards from your hand: Your opponent returns 1 of their Characters to the owner's hand.

---

## Tokikake
**OP06-052** · Character · Blue

[DON!! x1] If you have 4 or less cards in your hand, this Character cannot be K.O.'d in battle.

---

## Jaguar.D.Saul
**OP06-053** · Character · Blue

[On K.O.] Place up to 1 Character with a cost of 2 or less at the bottom of the owner's deck.

---

## Borsalino
**OP06-054** · Character · Blue

If you have 5 or less cards in your hand, this Character gains [Blocker].
(After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## Monkey.D.Garp
**OP06-055** · Character · Blue

[DON!! x2] [When Attacking] If you have 4 or less cards in your hand, your opponent cannot activate [Blocker] during this battle.

---

## Ama no Murakumo Sword
**OP06-056** · Event · Blue

[Main] Place up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 2 or less and up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 1 or less at the bottom of the owner's deck in any order.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Main] effect.

---

## But I Will Never Doubt a Woman's Tears!!!!
**OP06-057** · Event · Blue

[Main] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +1000 power during this turn. Then, reveal 1 card from the top of your deck, play up to 1 Character card with a cost of 2, and place the rest at the top or bottom of your deck.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Play up to 1 Character card with a cost of 2 from your hand.

---

## Gravity Blade Raging Tiger
**OP06-058** · Event · Blue

[Main] Place up to 2 Characters with a cost of 6 or less at the bottom of the owner's deck in any order.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Place up to 1 Character with a cost of 5 or less at the bottom of the owner's deck.

---

## White Snake
**OP06-059** · Event · Blue

[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +1000 power during this turn, and draw 1 card.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck and place them at the top or bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Vinsmoke Ichiji
**OP06-060** · Character · Purple

[Activate: Main] DON!! −1 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.) You may trash this Character: If your Leader has the {GERMA 66} type, play up to 1 [Vinsmoke Ichiji] with a cost of 7 from your hand or trash.

---

## Vinsmoke Ichiji
**OP06-061** · Character · Purple

[On Play] If the number of DON!! cards on your field is equal to or less than the number on your opponent's field, give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −2000 power during this turn and this Character gains [Rush].
(This card can attack on the turn in which it is played.)

---

## Vinsmoke Judge
**OP06-062** · Character · Purple

[On Play] DON!! −1 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.) You may trash 2 cards from your hand: Play up to 4 {GERMA 66} type Character cards with different card names and 4000 power or less from your trash.
[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] DON!! −1: Rest up to 1 of your opponent's DON!! cards.

---

## Vinsmoke Sora
**OP06-063** · Character · Purple

[On Play] You may trash 1 card from your hand: If the number of DON!! cards on your field is equal to or less than the number on your opponent's field, add up to 1 {The Vinsmoke Family} type Character card with 4000 power or less from your trash to your hand.

---

## Vinsmoke Niji
**OP06-064** · Character · Purple

[Activate: Main] DON!! −1 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.) You may trash this Character: If your Leader has the {GERMA 66} type, play up to 1 [Vinsmoke Niji] with a cost of 5 from your hand or trash.

---

## Vinsmoke Niji
**OP06-065** · Character · Purple

[On Play] If the number of DON!! cards on your field is equal to or less than the number on your opponent's field, choose one:
• K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 2 or less.
• Return up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 4 or less to the owner's hand.

---

## Vinsmoke Yonji
**OP06-066** · Character · Purple

[Activate: Main] DON!! −1 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.) You may trash this Character: If your Leader has the {GERMA 66} type, play up to 1 [Vinsmoke Yonji] with a cost of 4 from your hand or trash.

---

## Vinsmoke Yonji
**OP06-067** · Character · Purple

If the number of DON!! cards on your field is equal to or less than the number on your opponent's field, this Character gains +1000 power.
[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## Vinsmoke Reiju
**OP06-068** · Character · Purple

[Activate: Main] DON!! −1 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.) You may trash this Character: If your Leader has the {GERMA 66} type, play up to 1 [Vinsmoke Reiju] with a cost of 4 from your hand or trash.

---

## Vinsmoke Reiju
**OP06-069** · Character · Purple

[On Play] If the number of DON!! cards on your field is equal to or less than the number on your opponent's field and you have 5 or less cards in your hand, draw 2 cards.

---

## Gild Tesoro
**OP06-071** · Character · Purple

[On Play] DON!! −1 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): If your Leader has the {FILM} type, add up to 2 {FILM} type Character cards with a cost of 4 or less from your trash to your hand.

---

## Cosette
**OP06-072** · Character · Purple

If your Leader has the {GERMA 66} type and the number of DON!! cards on your field is at least 2 less than the number on your opponent's field, this Character gains [Blocker].
(After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## Shiki
**OP06-073** · Character · Purple

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Play] If you have 8 or more DON!! cards on your field, draw 1 card and trash 1 card from your hand.

---

## Zephyr (Navy)
**OP06-074** · Character · Purple

[On Play] DON!! −1 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): Negate the effect of up to 1 of your opponent's Characters during this turn. Then, if that Character has 5000 power or less, K.O. it.

---

## Count Battler
**OP06-075** · Character · Purple

[On Play] DON!! −1 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): Rest up to 2 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 2 or less.

---

## Hitokiri Kamazo
**OP06-076** · Character · Purple

[Your Turn] [Once Per Turn] When a DON!! card on your field is returned to your DON!! deck, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 2 or less.

---

## Black Bug
**OP06-077** · Event · Purple

[Main] If the number of DON!! cards on your field is equal to or less than the number on your opponent's field,  place up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 5 or less at the bottom of the owner's deck.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Place up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 4 or less at the bottom of the owner's deck.

---

## GERMA 66
**OP06-078** · Event · Purple

[Main] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 card with a type including "GERMA" other than [GERMA 66] and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Draw 1 card.

---

## Kingdom of GERMA
**OP06-079** · Stage · Purple

[Activate: Main] You may trash 1 card from your hand and rest this Stage: Look at 3 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 card with a type including "GERMA" and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Gecko Moria
**OP06-080** · Leader · Black

[DON!! x1] [When Attacking] ➁ (You may rest the specified number of DON!! cards in your cost area.) You may trash 1 card from your hand: Trash 2 cards from the top of your deck and play up to 1 {Thriller Bark Pirates} type Character card with a cost of 4 or less from your trash.

---

## Absalom
**OP06-081** · Character · Black

[On Play] You may return 2 cards from your trash to the bottom of your deck in any order: K.O. up to 1 Character with a cost of 2 or less.

---

## Inuppe
**OP06-082** · Character · Black

[On Play]/[On K.O.] If your Leader has the {Thriller Bark Pirates} type, draw 2 cards and trash 2 cards from your hand.

---

## Oars
**OP06-083** · Character · Black

This Character cannot attack.
[Activate: Main] You may K.O. 1 of your {Thriller Bark Pirates} type Characters: This Character's effect is negated during this turn.

---

## Jigoro of the Wind
**OP06-084** · Character · Black

[On K.O.] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +1000 power during this turn.

---

## Kumacy
**OP06-085** · Character · Black

[DON!! x2] [Your Turn] This Character gains +1000 power for every 5 cards in your trash.

---

## Gecko Moria
**OP06-086** · Character · Black

[On Play] Choose up to 1 Character card with a cost of 4 or less and up to 1 Character card with a cost of 2 or less from your trash. Play 1 card and play the other card rested.

---

## Cerberus
**OP06-087** · Character · Black

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## Sai
**OP06-088** · Character · Black

If your Leader has the {Dressrosa} type and is active, this Character gains +2000 power.

---

## Taralan
**OP06-089** · Character · Black

[On Play]/[On K.O.] Trash 3 cards from the top of your deck.

---

## Dr. Hogback
**OP06-090** · Character · Black

[On Play] You may return 2 cards from your trash to the bottom of your deck in any order: Add up to 1 {Thriller Bark Pirates} type card other than [Dr. Hogback] from your trash to your hand.

---

## Victoria Cindry
**OP06-091** · Character · Black

[On Play] If your Leader has the {Thriller Bark Pirates} type, trash 5 cards from the top of your deck.

---

## Brook
**OP06-092** · Character · Black

[On Play] Choose one:
• Trash up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 4 or less.
• Your opponent places 3 cards from their trash at the bottom of their deck in any order.

---

## Perona
**OP06-093** · Character · Black

[On Play] If your opponent has 5 or more cards in their hand, choose one:
• Your opponent trashes 1 card from their hand.
• Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −3 cost during this turn.

---

## Shadows Asgard
**OP06-095** · Event · Black

[Main]/[Counter] Your Leader gains +1000 power during this turn. Then, you may K.O. any number of your {Thriller Bark Pirates} type Characters with a cost of 2 or less. Your Leader gains an additional +1000 power during this turn for every Character K.O.'d.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Draw 2 cards and trash 1 card from your hand.

---

## ...Nothing...at All!!!
**OP06-096** · Event · Black

[Counter] You may add 1 card from the top of your Life cards to your hand: Your Characters with a cost of 7 or less cannot be K.O.'d in battle during this turn.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Counter] effect.

---

## Negative Hollow
**OP06-097** · Event · Black

[Main] Trash 1 card from your opponent's hand.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Main] effect.

---

## Thriller Bark
**OP06-098** · Stage · Black

[Activate: Main] ➀ (You may rest the specified number of DON!! cards in your cost area.) You may rest this Stage: If your Leader has the {Thriller Bark Pirates} type, play up to 1 {Thriller Bark Pirates} type Character card with a cost of 2 or less from your trash rested.

---

## Aisa
**OP06-099** · Character · Yellow

[On Play] Look at up to 1 card from the top of your or your opponent's Life cards and place it at the top or bottom of the Life cards.

---

## Inuarashi
**OP06-100** · Character · Yellow

[DON!! x2] [When Attacking] You may trash 1 card from your hand: K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost equal to or less than the number of your opponent's Life cards.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] If your opponent has 3 or less Life cards, play this card.

---

## O-Nami
**OP06-101** · Character · Yellow

[On Play] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains [Banish] during this turn.
(When this card deals damage, the target card is trashed without activating its Trigger.)

**Trigger:** [Trigger] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 5 or less.

---

## Kamakiri
**OP06-102** · Character · Yellow

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] You may place 1 Stage with a cost of 1 at the bottom of the owner's deck: K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 2 or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] If you have 2 or less Life cards, play this card.

---

## Kawamatsu
**OP06-103** · Character · Yellow

[When Attacking] You may trash 2 cards from your hand: Add up to 1 of your Characters with 0 power to the top or bottom of the owner's Life cards face-up.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] If your opponent has 3 or less Life cards, play this card.

---

## Kikunojo
**OP06-104** · Character · Yellow

[On K.O.] If your opponent has 3 or less Life cards, add up to 1 card from the top of your deck to the top of your Life cards.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] If your opponent has 3 or less Life cards, play this card.

---

## Kouzuki Hiyori
**OP06-106** · Character · Yellow

[On Play] You may add 1 card from the top or bottom of your Life cards to your hand: Add up to 1 card from your hand to the top of your Life cards.

---

## Kouzuki Momonosuke
**OP06-107** · Character · Yellow

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Play] Add up to 1 of your {Land of Wano} type Characters other than [Kouzuki Momonosuke] to the top or bottom of the owner's Life cards face-up.

---

## Denjiro
**OP06-109** · Character · Yellow

[DON!! x2] If your opponent has 3 or less Life cards, this Character cannot be K.O.'d by effects.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] If your opponent has 3 or less Life cards, play this card.

---

## Nekomamushi
**OP06-110** · Character · Yellow

[DON!! x2] This Character can also attack your opponent's active Characters.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] If your opponent has 3 or less Life cards, play this card.

---

## Braham
**OP06-111** · Character · Yellow

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] You may place 1 Stage with a cost of 1 at the bottom of the owner's deck: Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 4 or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] If you have 2 or less Life cards, play this card.

---

## Raizo
**OP06-112** · Character · Yellow

[When Attacking] You may trash 1 card from your hand: Rest up to 1 of your opponent's DON!! cards.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] If your opponent has 3 or less Life cards, play this card.

---

## Raki
**OP06-113** · Character · Yellow

If you have a {Shandian Warrior} type Character other than [Raki], this Character gains [Blocker].
(After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## Wyper
**OP06-114** · Character · Yellow

[On Play] You may place 1 Stage with a cost of 1 at the bottom of the owner's deck: Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 [Upper Yard] or {Shandian Warrior} type card and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## You're the One Who Should Disappear.
**OP06-115** · Event · Yellow

[Counter] You may trash 1 card from your hand: Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +3000 power during this battle.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] If you have 0 Life cards, you may add up to 1 card from the top of your deck to the top of your Life cards. Then, trash 1 card from your hand.

---

## Reject
**OP06-116** · Event · Yellow

[Main] Choose one:
• K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 5 or less.
• If your opponent has 1 Life card, deal 1 damage to your opponent. Then, add 1 card from the top of your Life cards to your hand.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Draw 1 card.

---

## The Ark Maxim
**OP06-117** · Stage · Yellow

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] You may rest this card and 1 of your [Enel] cards: K.O. all of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 2 or less.

---

## Roronoa Zoro
**OP06-118** · Character · Green

[When Attacking] [Once Per Turn] ➀ (You may rest the specified number of DON!! cards in your cost area.): Set this Character as active.
[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] ➁ (You may rest the specified number of DON!! cards in your cost area.): Set this Character as active.

---

## Sanji
**OP06-119** · Character · Blue

[On Play] Reveal 1 card from the top of your deck and play up to 1 Character with a cost of 9 or less other than [Sanji]. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck.

---
