# OP-03

## Portgas.D.Ace
**OP03-001**

When this Leader attacks or is attacked, you may trash any number of Event or Stage cards from your hand. This Leader gains +1000 power during this battle for every card trashed.

---

## Adio
**OP03-002**

[DON!! x1] [When Attacking] Your opponent cannot activate a [Blocker] Character that has 2000 or less power during this battle.

---

## Izo
**OP03-003**

[On Play] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 card with a type including "Whitebeard Pirates" other than [Izo] and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Curiel
**OP03-004**

This Character cannot attack a Leader on the turn in which it is played.
[DON!! x1] This Character gains [Rush].
(This card can attack on the turn in which it is played.)

---

## Thatch
**OP03-005**

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] This Character gains +2000 power during this turn. Then, trash this Character at the end of this turn.

---

## Buggy
**OP03-008**

This Character cannot be K.O.'d in battle by  attribute cards.
[On Play] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 red Event and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Haruta
**OP03-009**

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] Give up to 1 rested DON!! card to your Leader or 1 of your Characters.

---

## Fossa
**OP03-010**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## Blamenco
**OP03-011**

[DON!! x1] [When Attacking] Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −2000 power during this turn.

---

## Marshall.D.Teach
**OP03-012**

[When Attacking] You may trash 1 of your red Characters with 4000 power or more: Draw 1 card. Then, this Character gains +1000 power during this battle.

---

## Marco
**OP03-013**

[Your Turn] [On Play] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 3000 power or less.
[On K.O.] You may trash 1 Event from your hand: You may play this Character card from your trash rested.

---

## Monkey.D.Garp
**OP03-014**

[When Attacking] Play up to 1 red Character card with a cost of 1 from your hand.

---

## Lim
**OP03-015**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[Opponent's Turn] When this Character is K.O.'d, give up to 1 of your opponent's Leader or Character cards −2000 power during this turn.

---

## Flame Emperor
**OP03-016**

[Main] If your Leader is [Portgas.D.Ace], K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 8000 power or less, and your Leader gains [Double Attack] and +3000 power during this turn.
(This card deals 2 damage.)

**Trigger:** [Trigger] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 6000 power or less.

---

## Cross Fire
**OP03-017**

[Main]/[Counter] If your Leader's type includes "Whitebeard Pirates", give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −4000 power during this turn.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Main] effect.

---

## Fire Fist
**OP03-018**

[Main] You may trash 1 Event from your hand: K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 5000 power or less and up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 4000 power or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 5000 power or less.

---

## Fiery Doll
**OP03-019**

[Main] Your Leader gains +4000 power during this turn.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Give up to 1 of your opponent's Leader or Character cards −10000 power during this turn.

---

## Striker
**OP03-020**

[Activate: Main] ② (You may rest the specified number of DON!! cards in your cost area.) You may rest this Stage: If your Leader is [Portgas.D.Ace], look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 Event and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Kuro
**OP03-021**

[Activate: Main] ③ (You may rest the specified number of DON!! cards in your cost area.) You may rest 2 of your {East Blue} type Characters: Set this Leader as active, and rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 5 or less.

---

## Arlong
**OP03-022**

[DON!! x2] [When Attacking] ① (You may rest the specified number of DON!! cards in your cost area.): Play up to 1 Character card with a cost of 4 or less and a [Trigger] from your hand.

---

## Gin
**OP03-024**

[On Play] If your Leader has the {East Blue} type, rest up to 2 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 4 or less.

---

## Krieg
**OP03-025**

[On Play] You may trash 1 card from your hand: K.O. up to 2 of your opponent's rested Characters with a cost of 4 or less.
[DON!! x1] This Character gains [Double Attack].
(This card deals 2 damage.)

---

## Kuroobi
**OP03-026**

[On Play] If your Leader has the {East Blue} type, rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Play this card.

---

## Sham
**OP03-027**

[On Play] If your Leader has the {East Blue} type, rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 2 or less and, if you don't have [Buchi], play up to 1 [Buchi] from your hand.

---

## Jango
**OP03-028**

[On Play] Choose one:
• Set up to 1 of your {East Blue} type Leader or Character cards with a cost of 6 or less as active.
• Rest this Character and up to 1 of your opponent's Characters.

---

## Chew
**OP03-029**

[On Play] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's rested Characters with a cost of 4 or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Play this card.

---

## Nami
**OP03-030**

[On Play] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 green {East Blue} type card other than [Nami] and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Play this card.

---

## Pearl
**OP03-031**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## Buggy
**OP03-032**

This Character cannot be K.O.'d in battle by

---

## Buchi
**OP03-034**

[On Play] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's rested Characters with a cost of 2 or less.

---

## Out-of-the-Bag
**OP03-036**

[Main] You may rest 1 of your {East Blue} type Characters: Set up to 1 of your [Kuro] cards as active.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's rested Characters with a cost of 3 or less.

---

## Tooth Attack
**OP03-037**

[Main] You may rest 1 of your {East Blue} type Characters: K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's rested Characters with a cost of 3 or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Play up to 1 Character card with a cost of 4 or less and a [Trigger] from your hand.

---

## Deathly Poison Gas Bomb MH5
**OP03-038**

[Main] Rest up to 2 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 2 or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 5 or less.

---

## One, Two, Jango
**OP03-039**

[Main] Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 1 or less. Then, up to 1 of your Characters gains +1000 power during this turn.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 4 or less.

---

## Nami
**OP03-040**

When your deck is reduced to 0, you win the game instead of losing, according to the rules.
[DON!! x1] When this Leader's attack deals damage to your opponent's Life, you may trash 1 card from the top of your deck.

---

## Usopp
**OP03-041**

[Rush] (This card can attack on the turn in which it is played.)
[DON!! x1] When this Character's attack deals damage to your opponent's Life, you may trash 7 cards from the top of your deck.

---

## Usopp's Pirate Crew
**OP03-042**

[On Play] Add up to 1 blue [Usopp] from your trash to your hand.

---

## Gaimon
**OP03-043**

When you deal damage to your opponent's Life, you may trash 3 cards from the top of your deck. If you do, trash this Character.

---

## Kaya
**OP03-044**

[On Play] Draw 2 cards and trash 2 cards from your hand.

---

## Carne
**OP03-045**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[Opponent's Turn] If you have 20 or less cards in your deck, this Character gains +3000 power.

---

## Zeff
**OP03-047**

[DON!! x1] When this Character's attack deals damage to your opponent's Life, you may trash 7 cards from the top of your deck.
[On Play] Return up to 1 Character with a cost of 3 or less to the owner's hand, and you may trash 2 cards from the top of your deck.

---

## Nojiko
**OP03-048**

[On Play] If your Leader is [Nami], return up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 5 or less to the owner's hand.

---

## Patty
**OP03-049**

[On Play] If you have 20 or less cards in your deck, return up to 1 Character with a cost of 3 or less to the owner's hand.

---

## Boodle
**OP03-050**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On K.O.] You may trash 1 card from the top of your deck.

---

## Bell-mère
**OP03-051**

[DON!! x1] When this Character's attack deals damage to your opponent's Life, you may trash 7 cards from the top of your deck.
[On K.O.] You may trash 3 cards from the top of your deck.

---

## Yosaku & Johnny
**OP03-053**

[DON!! x1] If you have 20 or less cards in your deck, this Character gains +2000 power.

---

## Usopp's Rubber Band of Doom!!!
**OP03-054**

[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +2000 power during this battle. Then, you may trash 1 card from the top of your deck.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Draw 1 card and you may trash 1 card from the top of your deck.

---

## Gum-Gum Giant Gavel
**OP03-055**

[Counter] You may trash 1 card from your hand: Up to 1 of your Leader gains +4000 power during this battle. Then, you may trash 2 cards from the top of your deck.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Return up to 1 Character with a cost of 4 or less to the owner's hand.

---

## Sanji's Pilaf
**OP03-056**

[Main] Draw 2 cards.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Main] effect.

---

## Three Thousand Worlds
**OP03-057**

[Main] Place up to 1 Character with a cost of 5 or less at the bottom of the owner's deck.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Place up to 1 Character with a cost of 3 or less at the bottom of the owner's deck.

---

## Iceburg
**OP03-058**

This Leader cannot attack.
[Activate: Main] DON!! −1 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.) You may rest this Leader: Play up to 1 {Galley-La Company} type Character card with a cost of 5 or less from your hand.

---

## Kaku
**OP03-059**

[When Attacking] DON!! −1 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): This Character gains [Banish] during this battle.
(When this card deals damage, the target card is trashed without activating its Trigger.)

---

## Kalifa
**OP03-060**

[When Attacking] DON!! −1 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): Draw 2 cards and trash 1 card from your hand.

---

## Kokoro
**OP03-062**

[On Play] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Water Seven} type card other than [Kokoro] and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Zambai
**OP03-063**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Play] DON!! −1 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): If your Leader has the {Water Seven} type, draw 1 card.

---

## Tilestone
**OP03-064**

[On K.O.] If your Leader has the {Galley-La Company} type, add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and rest it.

---

## Chimney & Gonbe
**OP03-065**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## Paulie
**OP03-066**

[On Play] ➁ (You may rest the specified number of DON!! cards in your cost area.): Add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and set it as active. Then, if you have 8 or more DON!! cards on your field, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 4 or less.

---

## Peepley Lulu
**OP03-067**

[DON!! x1] [When Attacking] If your Leader has the {Galley-La Company} type, add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and rest it.

---

## Minozebra
**OP03-068**

[Banish] (When this card deals damage, the target card is trashed without activating its Trigger.)
[On K.O.] If your Leader has the {Impel Down} type, add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and rest it.

---

## Minorhinoceros
**OP03-069**

[On K.O.] If your Leader has the {Impel Down} type, draw 2 cards and trash 1 card from your hand.

---

## Monkey.D.Luffy
**OP03-070**

[On Play] DON!! −1 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.) You may trash 1 Character card with a cost of 5 from your hand: This Character gains [Rush] during this turn.
(This card can attack on the turn in which it is played.)

---

## Rob Lucci
**OP03-071**

[When Attacking] DON!! −1 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 5 or less.

---

## Gum-Gum Jet Gatling
**OP03-072**

[Counter] You may trash 1 card from your hand: Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +3000 power during this battle.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and set it as active.

---

## Hull Dismantler Slash
**OP03-073**

[Main] DON!! −1 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): If your Leader has the {Water Seven} type, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 2 or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Main] effect.

---

## Top Knot
**OP03-074**

[Main] DON!! −2 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): Place up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 4 or less at the bottom of the owner's deck.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Main] effect.

---

## Galley-La Company
**OP03-075**

[Activate: Main] You may rest this Stage: If your Leader is [Iceburg], add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and rest it.

---

## Rob Lucci
**OP03-076**

[Your Turn] [Once Per Turn] You may trash 2 cards from your hand: When your opponent's Character is K.O.'d, set this Leader as active.

---

## Charlotte Linlin
**OP03-077**

[DON!! x2] [When Attacking] ② (You may rest the specified number of DON!! cards in your cost area.) You may trash 1 card from your hand: If you have 1 or less Life cards, add up to 1 card from the top of your deck to the top of your Life cards.

---

## Issho
**OP03-078**

[DON!! x1] [Your Turn] Give all of your opponent's Characters −3 cost.
[On Play] If your opponent has 6 or more cards in their hand, trash 2 cards from your opponent's hand.

---

## Vergo
**OP03-079**

[DON!! x1] This Character cannot be K.O.'d in battle.

---

## Kaku
**OP03-080**

[On Play] You may place 2 cards with a type including "CP" from your trash at the bottom of your deck in any order: K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 3 or less.

---

## Kalifa
**OP03-081**

[On Play] Draw 2 cards and trash 2 cards from your hand. Then, give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −2 cost during this turn.

---

## Corgy
**OP03-083**

[On Play] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck and trash up to 2 cards. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Spandam
**OP03-086**

[On Play] If your Leader's type includes "CP", look at 3 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 card with a type including "CP" other than [Spandam] and add it to your hand. Then, trash the rest.

---

## Fukurou
**OP03-088**

This Character cannot be K.O.'d by effects.
[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## Brannew
**OP03-089**

[On Play] Look at 3 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Navy} type card other than [Brannew] and add it to your hand. Then, trash the rest.

---

## Blueno
**OP03-090**

[DON!! x1] This Character gains [Blocker].
(After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On K.O.] Play up to 1 Character card with a type including "CP" and a cost of 4 or less from your trash rested.

---

## Helmeppo
**OP03-091**

[On Play] Set the cost of up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with no base effect to 0 during this turn.

---

## Rob Lucci
**OP03-092**

[On Play] You may place 2 cards with a type including "CP" from your trash at the bottom of your deck in any order: This Character gains [Rush] during this turn.
(This card can attack on the turn in which it is played.)

---

## Wanze
**OP03-093**

[On Play] You may trash 1 card from your hand: If your Leader's type includes "CP", K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 1 or less.

---

## Air Door
**OP03-094**

[Main] If your Leader's type includes "CP", look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; play up to 1 Character card with a type including "CP" and a cost of 5 or less. Then, trash the rest.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Play up to 1 black Character card with a cost of 3 or less from your trash.

---

## Soap Sheep
**OP03-095**

[Main] Give up to 2 of your opponent's Characters −2 cost during this turn.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Your opponent trashes 1 card from their hand.

---

## Tempest Kick Sky Slicer
**OP03-096**

[Main] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 0 or your opponent's Stages with a cost of 3 or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Draw 2 cards.

---

## Six King Pistol
**OP03-097**

[Counter] You may trash 1 card from your hand: Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +3000 power during this battle.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Draw 1 card. Then, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 1 or less.

---

## Enies Lobby
**OP03-098**

[Activate: Main] You may rest this Stage: If your Leader's type includes "CP", give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −2 cost during this turn.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Play this card.

---

## Charlotte Katakuri
**OP03-099**

[DON!! x1] [When Attacking] Look at up to 1 card from the top of your or your opponent's Life cards, and place it at the top or bottom of the Life cards. Then, this Leader gains +1000 power during this battle.

---

## Sanji
**OP03-102**

[DON!! x2] [When Attacking] You may add 1 card from the top or bottom of your Life cards to your hand: Add up to 1 card from the top of your deck to the top of your Life cards.

---

## Shirley
**OP03-104**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Play] Look at up to 1 card from the top of your or your opponent's Life cards, and place it at the top or bottom of the Life cards.

---

## Charlotte Oven
**OP03-105**

[DON!! x1] [When Attacking] You may trash 1 card with a [Trigger] from your hand: This Character gains +3000 power during this battle.

---

## Charlotte Galette
**OP03-107**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## Charlotte Cracker
**OP03-108**

[DON!! x1] If you have less Life cards than your opponent, this Character gains [Double Attack] and +1000 power.
(This card deals 2 damage.)

**Trigger:** [Trigger] You may trash 1 card from your hand: Play this card.

---

## Charlotte Chiffon
**OP03-109**

[On Play] You may trash 1 card from the top or bottom of your Life cards: Add up to 1 card from the top of your deck to the top of your Life cards.

---

## Charlotte Smoothie
**OP03-110**

[When Attacking] You may add 1 card from the top or bottom of your Life cards to your hand: This Character gains +2000 power during this battle.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] You may trash 1 card from your hand: Play this card.

---

## Charlotte Pudding
**OP03-112**

[On Play] Look at 4 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 [Sanji] or {Big Mom Pirates} type card other than [Charlotte Pudding] and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Charlotte Perospero
**OP03-113**

[On K.O.] Look at 3 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Big Mom Pirates} type card and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] You may trash 1 card from your hand: Play this card.

---

## Charlotte Linlin
**OP03-114**

[On Play] If your Leader has the {Big Mom Pirates} type, add up to 1 card from the top of your deck to the top of your Life cards. Then, trash up to 1 card from the top of your opponent's Life cards.

---

## Streusen
**OP03-115**

[On Play] You may trash 1 card with a [Trigger] from your hand: K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 1 or less.

---

## Shirahoshi
**OP03-116**

[On Play] Draw 3 cards and trash 2 cards from your hand.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Play this card.

---

## Napoleon
**OP03-117**

[Activate: Main] You may rest this Character: Up to 1 of your [Charlotte Linlin] cards gains +1000 power until the start of your next turn.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Play this card.

---

## Ikoku Sovereignty
**OP03-118**

[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +5000 power during this battle.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] You may trash 2 cards from your hand: Add up to 1 card from the top of your deck to the top of your Life cards.

---

## Buzz Cut Mochi
**OP03-119**

[Main] If you have less Life cards than your opponent, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 4 or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Play up to 1 Character card with a cost of 4 or less and a [Trigger] from your hand.

---

## Tropical Torment
**OP03-120**

[Main] If your opponent has 4 or more Life cards, trash up to 1 card from the top of your opponent's Life cards.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Main] effect.

---

## Thunder Bolt
**OP03-121**

[Main] You may trash 1 card from the top of your Life cards: K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 5 or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 5 or less.

---

## Sogeking
**OP03-122**

Also treat this card's name as [Usopp] according to the rules.
[On Play] Return up to 1 Character with a cost of 6 or less to the owner's hand. Then, draw 2 cards and trash 2 cards from your hand.

---

## Charlotte Katakuri
**OP03-123**

[On Play] Add up to 1 Character with a cost of 8 or less to the top or bottom of the owner's Life cards face-up.

---
