# OP-01

## Roronoa Zoro
**OP01-001** · Leader · Red

[DON!! x1] [Your Turn] All of your Characters gain +1000 power.

---

## Trafalgar Law
**OP01-002** · Leader · Red/Green

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] ➁ (You may rest the specified number of DON!! cards in your cost area.): If you have 5 Characters, return 1 of your Characters to the owner's hand. Then, play up to 1 Character with a cost of 5 or less from your hand that is a different color than the returned Character.

---

## Monkey.D.Luffy
**OP01-003** · Leader · Red/Green

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] ➃ (You may rest the specified number of DON!! cards in your cost area.): Set up to 1 of your {Supernovas} or {Straw Hat Crew} type Character cards with a cost of 5 or less as active. It gains +1000 power during this turn.

---

## Usopp
**OP01-004** · Character · Red

[DON!! x1] [Your Turn] [Once Per Turn] Draw 1 card when your opponent activates an Event.

---

## Uta
**OP01-005** · Character · Red

[On Play] Add up to 1 red Character card other than [Uta] with a cost of 3 or less from your trash to your hand.

---

## Otama
**OP01-006** · Character · Red

[On Play] Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −2000 power during this turn.

---

## Caribou
**OP01-007** · Character · Red

[On K.O.] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 4000 power or less.

---

## Cavendish
**OP01-008** · Character · Red

[On Play] You may add 1 card from your Life area to your hand: This Character gains [Rush] during this turn. (This card can attack on the turn in which it is played.)

---

## Carrot
**OP01-009** · Character · Red

[Trigger] Play this card.

---

## Gordon
**OP01-011** · Character · Red

[On Play] You may place 1 card from your hand at the bottom of your deck: Draw 1 card.

---

## Sanji
**OP01-013** · Character · Red

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] You may add 1 card from your Life area to your hand: This Character gains +2000 power during this turn. Then, give this Character up to 2 rested DON!! cards.

---

## Jinbe
**OP01-014** · Character · Red

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[DON!! x1] [On Block] Play up to 1 red Character card with a cost of 2 or less from your hand.

---

## Tony Tony.Chopper
**OP01-015** · Character · Red

[DON!! x1] [When Attacking] You may trash 1 card from your hand: Add up to 1 {Straw Hat Crew} type Character card other than [Tony Tony.Chopper] with a cost of 4 or less from your trash to your hand.

---

## Nami
**OP01-016** · Character · Red

[On Play] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Straw Hat Crew} type card other than [Nami] and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Nico Robin
**OP01-017** · Character · Red

[DON!! x1] [When Attacking] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 3000 power or less.

---

## Bartolomeo
**OP01-019** · Character · Red

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[DON!! x2] [Opponent's Turn] This Character gains +3000 power.

---

## Hyogoro
**OP01-020** · Character · Red

[Activate: Main] You may rest this Character: Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +2000 power during this turn.

---

## Franky
**OP01-021** · Character · Red

[DON!! x1] This Character can also attack your opponent's active Characters.

---

## Brook
**OP01-022** · Character · Red

[DON!! x1] [When Attacking] Give up to 2 of your opponent's Characters −2000 power during this turn.

---

## Monkey.D.Luffy
**OP01-024** · Character · Red

[DON!! x2] This Character cannot be K.O.'d in battle by ＜Strike＞ attribute Characters.
[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] Give this Character up to 2 rested DON!! cards.

---

## Roronoa Zoro
**OP01-025** · Character · Red

[Rush] (This card can attack on the turn in which it is played.)

---

## Gum-Gum Fire-Fist Pistol Red Hawk
**OP01-026** · Event · Red

[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +4000 power during this battle. Then, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 4000 power or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Give up to 1 of your opponent's Leader or Character cards −10000 power during this turn.

---

## Round Table
**OP01-027** · Event · Red

[Main] Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −10000 power during this turn.

---

## Green Star Rafflesia
**OP01-028** · Event · Red

[Counter] Give up to 1 of your opponent's Leader or Character cards −2000 power during this turn.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Counter] effect.

---

## Radical Beam!!
**OP01-029** · Event · Red

[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +2000 power during this battle. Then, if you have 2 or less Life cards, that card gains an additional +2000 power.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +1000 power during this turn.

---

## In Two Years!! At the Sabaody Archipelago!!
**OP01-030** · Event · Red

[Main] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Straw Hat Crew} type Character card and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Main] effect.

---

## Kouzuki Oden
**OP01-031** · Leader · Green

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] You can trash 1 {Land of Wano} type card from your hand: Set up to 2 of your DON!! cards as active.

---

## Ashura Doji
**OP01-032** · Character · Green

[DON!! x1] If your opponent has 2 or more rested Characters, this Character gains +2000 power.

---

## Izo
**OP01-033** · Character · Green

[On Play] Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 4 or less.

---

## Inuarashi
**OP01-034** · Character · Green

[DON!! x2] [When Attacking] Set up to 1 of your DON!! cards as active.

---

## Okiku
**OP01-035** · Character · Green

[DON!! x1] [When Attacking] [Once Per Turn] Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 5 or less.

---

## Kanjuro
**OP01-038** · Character · Green

[DON!! x1] [When Attacking] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's rested Characters with a cost of 2 or less.
[On K.O.] Your opponent chooses 1 card from your hand; trash that card.

---

## Killer
**OP01-039** · Character · Green

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[DON!! x1] [On Block] If you have 3 or more Characters, draw 1 card.

---

## Kin'emon
**OP01-040** · Character · Green

[On Play] If your Leader is [Kouzuki Oden], play up to 1 {The Akazaya Nine} type Character card with a cost of 3 or less from your hand.
[DON!! x1] [When Attacking] [Once Per Turn] Set up to 1 of your {The Akazaya Nine} type Character cards with a cost of 3 or less as active.

---

## Kouzuki Momonosuke
**OP01-041** · Character · Green

[Activate: Main] ➀ (You may rest the specified number of DON!! cards in your cost area) You may rest this Character: Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Land of Wano} type card and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Komurasaki
**OP01-042** · Character · Green

[On Play] ③ (You may rest the specified number of DON!! cards in your cost area.): If your Leader is [Kouzuki Oden], set up to 1 of your {Land of Wano} type Character cards with a cost of 3 or less as active.

---

## Shachi
**OP01-044** · Character · Green

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Play] If you don't have [Penguin], play up to 1 [Penguin] from your hand.

---

## Denjiro
**OP01-046** · Character · Green

[DON!! x1] [When Attacking] If your Leader is [Kouzuki Oden], set up to 2 of your DON!! cards as active.

---

## Trafalgar Law
**OP01-047** · Character · Green

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Play] You may return 1 Character to your hand: Play up to 1 Character card with a cost of 3 or less from your hand.

---

## Nekomamushi
**OP01-048** · Character · Green

[On Play] Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 3 or less.

---

## Bepo
**OP01-049** · Character · Green

[DON!! x1] [When Attacking] Play up to 1 {Heart Pirates} type Character card other than [Bepo] with a cost of 4 or less from your hand.

---

## Penguin
**OP01-050** · Character · Green

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Play] If you don't have [Shachi], play up to 1 [Shachi] from your hand.

---

## Eustass"Captain"Kid
**OP01-051** · Character · Green

[DON!! x1] [Opponent's Turn] If this Character is rested, your opponent cannot attack any card other than the Character [Eustass"Captain"Kid].
[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] You may rest this Character: Play up to 1 Character card with a cost of 3 or less from your hand.

---

## Raizo
**OP01-052** · Character · Green

[When Attacking] [Once Per Turn] If you have 2 or more rested Characters, draw 1 card.

---

## X.Drake
**OP01-054** · Character · Green

[On Play] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's rested Characters with a cost of 4 or less.

---

## You Can Be My Samurai!!
**OP01-055** · Event · Green

[Main] You may rest 2 of your Characters: Draw 2 cards.

---

## Demon Face
**OP01-056** · Event · Green

[Main] K.O. up to 2 of your opponent's rested Characters with a cost of 5 or less.

---

## Paradise Waterfall
**OP01-057** · Event · Green

[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +2000 power during this battle. Then, set up to 1 of your Characters as active.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's rested Characters with a cost of 4 or less.

---

## Punk Gibson
**OP01-058** · Event · Green

[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +4000 power during this battle. Then, rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 4 or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters.

---

## BE-BENG!!
**OP01-059** · Event · Green

[Main] You may trash 1 {Land of Wano} type card from your hand: Set up to 1 of your {Land of Wano} type Character cards with a cost of 3 or less as active.

---

## Donquixote Doflamingo
**OP01-060** · Leader · Blue

[DON!! x2] [When Attacking] ➀ (You may rest the specified number of DON!! cards in your cost area.): Reveal 1 card from the top of your deck. If that card is a {The Seven Warlords of the Sea} type Character card with a cost of 4 or less, you may play that card rested.

---

## Kaido
**OP01-061** · Leader · Blue/Purple

[DON!! x1] [Your Turn] [Once Per Turn] When your opponent's Character is K.O.'d, add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and set it as active.

---

## Crocodile
**OP01-062** · Leader · Blue/Purple

[DON!! x1] When you activate an Event, you may draw 1 card if you have 4 or less cards in your hand and haven't drawn a card using this Leader's effect during this turn.

---

## Arlong
**OP01-063** · Character · Blue

[DON!! x1] [Activate: Main] You may rest this Character: Choose 1 card from your opponent's hand; your opponent reveals that card. If the revealed card is an Event, place up to 1 card from your opponent's Life area at the bottom of the owner's deck.

---

## Alvida
**OP01-064** · Character · Blue

[DON!! x1] [When Attacking] You may trash 1 card from your hand: Return up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 3 or less to the owner's hand.

---

## Crocodile
**OP01-067** · Character · Blue

[Banish] (When this card deals damage, the target card is trashed without activating its Trigger.)
[DON!! x1] Give blue Events in your hand −1 cost.

---

## Gecko Moria
**OP01-068** · Character · Blue

[Your Turn] This Character gains [Double Attack] if you have 5 or more cards in your hand.
(This card deals 2 damage.)

---

## Caesar Clown
**OP01-069** · Character · Blue

[On K.O.] Play up to 1 [Smiley] from your deck, then shuffle your deck.

---

## Dracule Mihawk
**OP01-070** · Character · Blue

[On Play] Place up to 1 Character with a cost of 7 or less at the bottom of the owner's deck.

---

## Jinbe
**OP01-071** · Character · Blue

[On Play] Place up to 1 Character with a cost of 3 or less at the bottom of the owner's deck.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Play this card.

---

## Smiley
**OP01-072** · Character · Blue

[DON!! x1] [Your Turn] This Character gains +1000 power for every card in your hand.

---

## Donquixote Doflamingo
**OP01-073** · Character · Blue

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Play] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck and place them at the top or bottom of the deck in any order.

---

## Bartholomew Kuma
**OP01-074** · Character · Blue

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On K.O.] Play up to 1 [Pacifista] with a cost of 4 or less from your hand.

---

## Pacifista
**OP01-075** · Character · Blue

Under the rules of this game, you may have any number of this card in your deck.
[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## Perona
**OP01-077** · Character · Blue

[On Play] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck and place them at the top or bottom of the deck in any order.

---

## Boa Hancock
**OP01-078** · Character · Blue

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[DON!! x1] [When Attacking]/[On Block] Draw 1 card if you have 5 or less cards in your hand.

---

## Ms. All Sunday
**OP01-079** · Character · Blue

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On K.O.] If your Leader has the {Baroque Works} type, add up to 1 Event from your trash to your hand.

---

## Miss Doublefinger(Zala)
**OP01-080** · Character · Blue

[On K.O.] Draw 1 card.

---

## Mr.1(Daz.Bonez)
**OP01-083** · Character · Blue

[DON!! x1] [Your Turn] If your Leader has the {Baroque Works} type, this Character gains +1000 power for every 2 Events in your trash.

---

## Mr.2.Bon.Kurei(Bentham)
**OP01-084** · Character · Blue

[DON!! x1] [When Attacking] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Baroque Works} type Event card and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Mr.3(Galdino)
**OP01-085** · Character · Blue

[On Play] If your Leader has the {Baroque Works} type, select up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 4 or less. The selected Character cannot attack until the end of your opponent's next turn.

---

## Overheat
**OP01-086** · Event · Blue

[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +4000 power during this battle. Then, return up to 1 active Character with a cost of 3 or less to the owner's hand.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Return up to 1 Character with a cost of 4 or less to the owner's hand.

---

## Officer Agents
**OP01-087** · Event · Blue

[Counter] Play up to 1 {Baroque Works} type Character card with a cost of 3 or less from your hand.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Counter] effect.

---

## Desert Spada
**OP01-088** · Event · Blue

[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +2000 power during this battle. Then, look at 3 cards from the top of your deck and place them at the top or bottom of the deck in any order.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Draw 2 cards and trash 1 card from your hand.

---

## Crescent Cutlass
**OP01-089** · Event · Blue

[Counter] If your Leader has the {The Seven Warlords of the Sea} type, return up to 1 Character with a cost of 5 or less to the owner's hand.

---

## Baroque Works
**OP01-090** · Event · Blue

[Main] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Baroque Works} type card other than [Baroque Works] and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## King
**OP01-091** · Leader · Purple

[Your Turn] If you have 10 DON!! cards on your field, give all of your opponent's Characters −1000 power.

---

## Ulti
**OP01-093** · Character · Purple

[On Play] ① (You may rest the specified number of DON!! cards in your cost area.): Add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and rest it.

---

## Kaido
**OP01-094** · Character · Purple

[On Play] DON!! −6 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): If your Leader has the {Animal Kingdom Pirates} type, K.O. all Characters other than this Character.

---

## Kyoshirou
**OP01-095** · Character · Purple

[On Play] Draw 1 card if you have 8 or more DON!! cards on your field.

---

## King
**OP01-096** · Character · Purple

[On Play] DON!! −2 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 3 or less and up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 2 or less.

---

## Queen
**OP01-097** · Character · Purple

[On Play] DON!! −1 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): This Character gains [Rush] during this turn. Then, give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −2000 power during this turn.
(This card can attack on the turn in which it is played.)

---

## Kurozumi Orochi
**OP01-098** · Character · Purple

[On Play] Reveal up to 1 [Artificial Devil Fruit SMILE] from your deck and add it to your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.

---

## Kurozumi Semimaru
**OP01-099** · Character · Purple

{Kurozumi Clan} type Characters other than your [Kurozumi Semimaru] cannot be K.O.'d in battle.

---

## Kurozumi Higurashi
**OP01-100** · Character · Purple

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## Sasaki
**OP01-101** · Character · Purple

[DON!! x1] [When Attacking] You may trash 1 card from your hand: Add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and rest it.

---

## Jack
**OP01-102** · Character · Purple

[When Attacking] DON!! −1 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): Your opponent trashes 1 card from their hand.

---

## Bao Huang
**OP01-105** · Character · Purple

[On Play] Choose 2 cards from your opponent's hand; your opponent reveals those cards.

---

## Basil Hawkins
**OP01-106** · Character · Purple

[On Play] Add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and rest it.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Play this card.

---

## Hitokiri Kamazo
**OP01-108** · Character · Purple

[On K.O.] DON!! −1 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 5 or less.

---

## Who's.Who
**OP01-109** · Character · Purple

[DON!! x1] [Your Turn] If you have 8 or more DON!! cards on your field, this Character gains +1000 power.

---

## Black Maria
**OP01-111** · Character · Purple

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Block] DON!! −1 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): This Character gains +1000 power during this turn.

---

## Page One
**OP01-112** · Character · Purple

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] DON!! −1 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): This Character can also attack your opponent's active Characters during this turn.

---

## Holedem
**OP01-113** · Character · Purple

[On K.O.] Add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and rest it.

---

## X.Drake
**OP01-114** · Character · Purple

[On Play] DON!! −1 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): Your opponent trashes 1 card from their hand.

---

## Elephant's Marchoo
**OP01-115** · Event · Purple

[Main] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 2 or less, then add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and set it as active.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Main] effect.

---

## Artificial Devil Fruit SMILE
**OP01-116** · Event · Purple

[Main] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; play up to 1 {SMILE} type Character card with a cost of 3 or less. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Main] effect.

---

## Sheep's Horn
**OP01-117** · Event · Purple

[Main] DON!! −1 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 6 or less.

---

## Ulti-Mortar
**OP01-118** · Event · Purple

[Counter] DON!! −2 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +2000 power during this battle. Then, draw 1 card.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and set it as active.

---

## Thunder Bagua
**OP01-119** · Event · Purple

[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +4000 power during this battle. Then, if you have 2 or less Life cards, add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and rest it.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and set it as active.

---

## Shanks
**OP01-120** · Character · Red

[Rush] (This card can attack on the turn in which it is played.)
[When Attacking] Your opponent cannot activate a [Blocker] Character that has 2000 or less power during this battle.

---

## Yamato
**OP01-121** · Character · Green

Also treat this card's name as [Kouzuki Oden] according to the rules.
[Double Attack] (This card deals 2 damage.)
[Banish] (When this card deals damage, the target card is trashed without activating its Trigger.)

---
