# OP-09

## Shanks
**OP09-001**

[Once Per Turn] This effect can be activated when your opponent attacks. Give up to 1 of your opponent's Leader or Character cards −1000 power during this turn.

---

## Uta
**OP09-002**

[On Play] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Red-Haired Pirates} type card and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Shachi & Penguin
**OP09-003**

[When Attacking] Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −2000 power during this turn.

---

## Shanks
**OP09-004**

Give all of your opponent's Characters −1000 power.
[Rush] (This card can attack on the turn in which it is played.)

---

## Silvers Rayleigh
**OP09-005**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Play] If your opponent has 2 or more Characters with a base power of 5000 or more, draw 2 cards and trash 1 card from your hand.

---

## Heat
**OP09-007**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Play] Up to 1 of your Leader with 4000 power or less gains +1000 power during this turn.

---

## Building Snake
**OP09-008**

[Activate: Main] You may place this Character at the bottom of the owner's deck: Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −3000 power during this turn.

---

## Benn.Beckman
**OP09-009**

[On Play] Trash up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 6000 power or less.

---

## Bonk Punch
**OP09-010**

[On Play] Play up to 1 [Monster] from your hand.
[DON!! x1] [When Attacking] This Character gains +2000 power during this turn.

---

## Hongo
**OP09-011**

[Activate: Main] You may rest this Character: If your Leader has the {Red-Haired Pirates} type, give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −2000 power during this turn.

---

## Monster
**OP09-012**

If your Character [Bonk Punch] would be K.O.'d by an effect, you may trash this Character instead.

---

## Yasopp
**OP09-013**

[On Play] Up to 1 of your Leader gains +1000 power until the end of your opponent's next turn.
[DON!! x1] [When Attacking] Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −1000 power during this turn.

---

## Limejuice
**OP09-014**

[On Play] Your opponent cannot activate up to 1 [Blocker] Character that has 4000 power or less during this turn.

---

## Lucky.Roux
**OP09-015**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On K.O.] If your Leader has the {Red-Haired Pirates} type, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a base power of 6000 or less.

---

## Wire
**OP09-017**

[DON!! x1] If your Leader has 7000 power or more and the {Kid Pirates} type, this Character gains [Rush].

---

## Get Out of Here!
**OP09-018**

[Main] K.O. up to 2 of your opponent's Characters with a total power of 4000 or less.

---

## Nobody Hurts a Friend of Mine!!!!
**OP09-019**

[Main] If your Leader has the {Red-Haired Pirates} type, give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −3000 power during this turn. Then, if your opponent has a Character with 5000 or more power, draw 1 card.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Draw 1 card.

---

## Come On!! We'll Fight You!!
**OP09-020**

[Main] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Red-Haired Pirates} type card other than [Come On!! We'll Fight You!!] and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Draw 1 card.

---

## Red Force
**OP09-021**

[Activate: Main] You may rest this Stage: If your Leader has the {Red-Haired Pirates} type, give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −1000 power during this turn.

---

## Lim
**OP09-022**

Your Character cards are played rested.
[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] You may rest 3 of your DON!! cards: Add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and rest it, and play up to 1 {ODYSSEY} type Character card with a cost of 5 or less from your hand.

---

## Adio
**OP09-023**

[On Play] If your Leader has the {ODYSSEY} type, set up to 3 of your DON!! cards as active.
[On Your Opponent's Attack] [Once Per Turn] You may rest 1 of your DON!! cards: Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +2000 power during this battle.

---

## Usopp
**OP09-024**

[On Play] If you have 2 or more rested Characters, draw 2 cards and trash 2 cards from your hand.

---

## Crocodile
**OP09-025**

If your Leader has the {ODYSSEY} type, this Character cannot be K.O.'d in battle by Leaders.

---

## Sakazuki
**OP09-026**

[On Play] If you have 2 or more rested Characters, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 5 or less.

---

## Sabo
**OP09-027**

[When Attacking] [Once Per Turn] If you have 3 or more rested Characters, draw 1 card.

---

## Sanji
**OP09-028**

[On K.O.] You may add 1 card from the top or bottom of your Life cards to your hand: Play up to 1 {ODYSSEY} or {Straw Hat Crew} type Character card with a cost of 4 or less from your trash rested.

---

## Tony Tony.Chopper
**OP09-029**

[End of Your Turn] Set up to 1 of your {ODYSSEY} type Characters with a cost of 4 or less as active.

---

## Trafalgar Law
**OP09-030**

[On Play] You may return 1 of your Characters to the owner's hand: Play up to 1 {ODYSSEY} type Character card with a cost of 3 or less other than [Trafalgar Law] from your hand.

---

## Donquixote Doflamingo
**OP09-031**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[End of Your Turn] If you have 2 or more rested Characters, set this Character as active.

---

## Donquixote Rosinante
**OP09-032**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Your Opponent's Attack] [Once Per Turn] Set this Character as active.

---

## Nico Robin
**OP09-033**

[On Play] If you have 2 or more rested Characters, none of your {ODYSSEY} or {Straw Hat Crew} type Characters can be K.O.'d by effects until the end of your opponent's next turn.

---

## Perona
**OP09-034**

[On Play] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 [Dracule Mihawk] or {Thriller Bark Pirates} type card and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order and trash 1 card from your hand.

---

## Portgas.D.Ace
**OP09-035**

[On Play] If you have 2 or more rested Characters, rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 5 or less.

---

## Monkey.D.Luffy
**OP09-036**

[On Play] If you have 2 or more rested Characters, rest up to 1 of your opponent's DON!! cards or Characters with a cost of 6 or less.

---

## Lim
**OP09-037**

[On Play] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {ODYSSEY} type card other than [Lim] and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.
[End of Your Turn] If you have 3 or more rested Characters, set this Character as active.

---

## Gum-Gum Cuatro Jet Cross Shock Bazooka
**OP09-039**

[Counter] If your Leader has the {ODYSSEY} type and you have 2 or more rested Characters, up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +2000 power during this turn.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's rested Characters with a cost of 4 or less.

---

## Thunder Lance Flip Caliber Phoenix Shot
**OP09-040**

[Main] If you have 2 or more rested Characters, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 4 or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 4 or less.

---

## Soul Franky Swing Arm Boxing Solid
**OP09-041**

[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +2000 power during this battle. Then, if your Leader has the {ODYSSEY} type and you have 2 or more rested Characters, set up to 2 of your Characters as active.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 4 or less.

---

## Buggy
**OP09-042**

[Activate: Main] You may rest 5 of your DON!! cards and trash 1 card from your hand: Play up to 1 {Cross Guild} type Character card from your hand.

---

## Alvida
**OP09-043**

[On K.O.] If your Leader has the {Cross Guild} type, play up to 1 Character card with a cost of 5 or less other than [Alvida] from your hand.

---

## Izo
**OP09-044**

[When Attacking] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Land of Wano} type card or card with a type including "Whitebeard Pirates" and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order and trash 1 card from your hand.

---

## Cabaji
**OP09-045**

If you have a [Buggy] or [Mohji] Character, this Character cannot be K.O.'d in battle.

---

## Crocodile
**OP09-046**

[On Play] Play up to 1 {Cross Guild} type Character card or Character card with a type including "Baroque Works" with a cost of 5 or less from your hand.

---

## Kouzuki Oden
**OP09-047**

[Double Attack] (This card deals 2 damage.)
[On K.O.] Draw 2 cards and trash 1 card from your hand.

---

## Dracule Mihawk
**OP09-048**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Play] Draw 2 cards and trash 1 card from your hand.

---

## Nami
**OP09-050**

[When Attacking] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 blue Event and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Buggy
**OP09-051**

[On Play] Place up to 1 of your opponent's Characters at the bottom of the owner's deck. Then, if you do not have 5 Characters with a cost of 5 or more, place this Character at the bottom of the owner's deck.

---

## Marco
**OP09-052**

[Opponent's Turn] You may trash 1 card from your hand: When this Character is K.O.'d by your opponent's effect, play this Character card from your trash rested.

---

## Mohji
**OP09-053**

[On Play] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 [Richie] and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order and play up to 1 [Richie] from your hand.

---

## Richie
**OP09-054**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## Mr.3(Galdino)
**OP09-056**

[On Play] Look at 4 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Cross Guild} type card or card with a type including "Baroque Works" other than [Mr.3(Galdino)] and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Cross Guild
**OP09-057**

[Main] Look at 4 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Cross Guild} type card and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Main] effect.

---

## Special Muggy Ball
**OP09-058**

[Main] Return up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 6 or less to the owner's hand.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Return up to 1 Character with a cost of 3 or less to the owner's hand.

---

## Murder at the Steam Bath
**OP09-059**

[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +3000 power during this battle. Then, trash up to 2 cards from your hand. Trash the same number of cards from the top of your deck as you did from your hand.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Draw 1 card.

---

## Emptee Bluffs Island
**OP09-060**

[Activate: Main] You may place 2 cards from your hand at the bottom of your deck in any order and rest this Stage: If your Leader has the {Cross Guild} type, draw 2 cards.

---

## Monkey.D.Luffy
**OP09-061**

[DON!! x1] All of your Characters gain +1 cost.
[Your Turn] [Once Per Turn] When 2 or more DON!! cards on your field are returned to your DON!! deck, add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and set it as active, and add up to 1 additional DON!! card and rest it.

---

## Nico Robin
**OP09-062**

[Banish] (When this card deals damage, the target card is trashed without activating its Trigger.)
[When Attacking] You may trash 1 card with a [Trigger] from your hand: Add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and rest it.

---

## Killer
**OP09-064**

[On Play] DON!! −1 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): Set up to 1 of your {Kid Pirates} type Leader as active.

---

## Sanji
**OP09-065**

[On Play] You may return 1 or more DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck: This Character gains [Rush] during this turn. Then, rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 6 or less.

---

## Jean Bart
**OP09-066**

[On Play] If your opponent has more DON!! cards on their field than you, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 3 or less.

---

## Tony Tony.Chopper
**OP09-068**

[End of Your Turn] You may return 1 or more DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck: Set this Character as active. Then, this Character gains [Blocker] until the end of your opponent's next turn.

---

## Trafalgar Law
**OP09-069**

[On Play] Look at 4 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Straw Hat Crew} or {Heart Pirates} type card with a cost of 2 or more and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Nami
**OP09-070**

[On Play] You may return 1 or more DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck: Give up to 2 rested DON!! cards to your Leader or 1 of your Characters.

---

## Nico Robin
**OP09-071**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## Franky
**OP09-072**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Play] DON!! −2, You may trash 1 card from your hand: Draw 2 cards.

---

## Brook
**OP09-073**

[When Attacking] You may return 1 or more DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck: Give up to 2 of your opponent's Characters −2000 power during this turn.

---

## Bepo
**OP09-074**

[Your Turn] [Once Per Turn] When a DON!! card on your field is returned to your DON!! deck, up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +1000 power during this turn.

---

## Eustass"Captain"Kid
**OP09-075**

[On Play] You may add 1 card from the top of your Life cards to your hand: If your Leader has the {Kid Pirates} type, add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and set it as active.

---

## Roronoa Zoro
**OP09-076**

[On Play] You may return 1 or more DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck: Add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and set it as active.

---

## Gum-Gum Lightning
**OP09-077**

[Main] DON!! −2 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 6000 power or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and set it as active.

---

## Gum-Gum Giant
**OP09-078**

[Counter] DON!! −2, You may trash 1 card from your hand: If your Leader has the {Straw Hat Crew} type, up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +4000 power during this battle. Then, draw 2 cards.

---

## Gum-Gum Jump Rope
**OP09-079**

[Main] DON!! −2 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 5 or less. Then, draw 1 card.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and set it as active.

---

## Thousand Sunny
**OP09-080**

[Opponent's Turn] You may rest this Stage: When your {Straw Hat Crew} type Character is removed from the field by your opponent's effect, add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and rest it.

---

## Marshall.D.Teach
**OP09-081**

Your [On Play] effects are negated.
[Activate: Main] You may trash 1 card from your hand: Your opponent's [On Play] effects are negated until the end of your opponent's next turn.

---

## Van Augur
**OP09-083**

[Activate: Main] You may rest this Character: If your Leader has the {Blackbeard Pirates} type, give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −3 cost during this turn.
[On K.O.] Draw 1 card.

---

## Catarina Devon
**OP09-084**

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] If your Leader has the {Blackbeard Pirates} type, this Character gains [Double Attack], [Banish] or [Blocker] until the end of your opponent's next turn.

---

## Gecko Moria
**OP09-085**

[On Play] Play up to 1 {Thriller Bark Pirates} type Character card with a cost of 2 or less from your trash rested.

---

## Jesus Burgess
**OP09-086**

This Character cannot be K.O.'d by your opponent's effects.
If your Leader has the {Blackbeard Pirates} type, this Character gains +1000 power for every 4 cards in your trash.

---

## Charlotte Pudding
**OP09-087**

[On Play] If your opponent has 5 or more cards in their hand, your opponent trashes 1 card from their hand.

---

## Shiryu
**OP09-088**

[DON!! x1] [When Attacking] You may trash 2 cards from your hand: Draw 2 cards.

---

## Stronger
**OP09-089**

[Activate: Main] You may trash 1 card from your hand and trash this Character: If your Leader has the {Blackbeard Pirates} type, draw 1 card. Then, give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters –2 cost during this turn.

---

## Doc Q
**OP09-090**

[Activate: Main] You may rest this Character: If your Leader has the {Blackbeard Pirates} type, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 1 or less.
[On K.O.] Draw 1 card.

---

## Vasco Shot
**OP09-091**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## Marshall.D.Teach
**OP09-092**

[Activate: Main] You may rest this Character: If the number of cards in your hand is at least 3 less than the number in your opponent's hand, draw 2 cards and trash 1 card from your hand.

---

## Marshall.D.Teach
**OP09-093**

[Blocker]
[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] If your Leader has the {Blackbeard Pirates} type and this Character was played on this turn, negate the effect of up to 1 of your opponent's Leader during this turn. Then, negate the effect of up to 1 of your opponent's Characters and that Character cannot attack until the end of your opponent's next turn.

---

## Laffitte
**OP09-095**

[Activate: Main] You may rest 1 of your DON!! cards and this Character: Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Blackbeard Pirates} type card and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## My Era...Begins!!
**OP09-096**

[Main] Look at 3 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Blackbeard Pirates} type card other than [My Era...Begins!!] and add it to your hand. Then, trash the rest.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Main] effect.

---

## Black Vortex
**OP09-097**

[Counter] Negate the effect of up to 1 of your opponent's Leader or Character cards and give that card −4000 power during this turn.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Negate the effect of up to 1 of your opponent's Leader or Character cards during this turn.

---

## Black Hole
**OP09-098**

[Main] If your Leader has the {Blackbeard Pirates} type, negate the effect of up to 1 of your opponent's Characters during this turn. Then, if that Character has a cost of 4 or less, K.O. it.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Negate the effect of up to 1 of your opponent's Leader or Character cards during this turn.

---

## Fullalead
**OP09-099**

[Activate: Main] You may trash 1 card from your hand and rest this Stage: Look at 3 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Blackbeard Pirates} type card and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Karasu
**OP09-100**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

**Trigger:** [Trigger] If your Leader has the {Revolutionary Army} type and you and your opponent have a total of 5 or less Life cards, play this card.

---

## Kuzan
**OP09-101**

[On Play] Place 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 3 or less at the top or bottom of your opponent's Life cards face-up: Your opponent trashes 1 card from their hand.

---

## Professor Clover
**OP09-102**

[On Play] If your Leader is [Nico Robin], look at 3 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 card with a [Trigger] and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [On Play] effect.

---

## Koala
**OP09-103**

[Blocker]
[On Play] You may add 1 card from the top or bottom of your Life cards to your hand: Play up to 1 {Revolutionary Army} type Character card with a cost of 4 or less from your hand. If you do, draw 1 card.

---

## Sabo
**OP09-104**

[On Play] Add up to 1 {Revolutionary Army} type Character card from your hand to the top of your Life cards face-up. Then, if you have 2 or more Life cards, add 1 card from the top or bottom of your Life cards to your hand.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] If your Leader is multicolored, draw 2 cards.

---

## Nico Olvia
**OP09-106**

[On Play] Up to 1 of your [Nico Robin] Leader gains +3000 power during this turn.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] If your Leader is [Nico Robin], draw 3 cards and trash 2 cards from your hand.

---

## Nico Robin
**OP09-107**

[On Play] If your opponent has 3 or more Life cards, trash up to 1 card from the top of your opponent's Life cards.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Play up to 1 yellow Character card with a cost of 3 or less from your hand.

---

## Jaguar.D.Saul
**OP09-109**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

**Trigger:** [Trigger] If your Leader is [Nico Robin], play this card.

---

## Pierre
**OP09-110**

[On Play] Draw 2 cards and trash 2 cards from your hand.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Play this card.

---

## Belo Betty
**OP09-112**

[On Play] If you have 2 or less Life cards, draw 1 card.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] If your Leader has the {Revolutionary Army} type and you and your opponent have a total of 5 or less Life cards, play this card.

---

## Lindbergh
**OP09-114**

[On Play] If you and your opponent have a total of 5 or less Life cards, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 2000 power or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] If you and your opponent have a total of 5 or less Life cards, play this card.

---

## Ice Block Partisan
**OP09-115**

[Main] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 3 or less and a [Trigger].

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Draw 1 card.

---

## Never Underestimate the Power of Miracles!!
**OP09-116**

[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +2000 power during this battle.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Play up to 1 {Revolutionary Army} type Character card with a cost of 4 or less from your hand.

---

## Dereshi!
**OP09-117**

[Main] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 2 cards with a [Trigger] other than [Dereshi!] and add them to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Draw 1 card.

---

## Gol.D.Roger
**OP09-118**

[Rush] (This card can attack on the turn in which it is played.)
When your opponent activates [Blocker], if either you or your opponent has 0 Life cards, you win the game.

---

## Monkey.D.Luffy
**OP09-119**

[On Play] You may return 1 or more DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck: Draw 1 card and this Character gains [Rush] during this turn.

---
