# OP-11

## Koby
**OP11-001**

Your {SWORD} type Characters can attack Characters on the turn in which they are played.
[Once Per Turn] If your {Navy} type Character with 7000 base power or less would be removed from the field by your opponent's effect, you may place 3 cards from your trash at the bottom of your deck in any order instead.

---

## Ain
**OP11-002**

[On Play] Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −1000 power during this turn. Then, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 0 power or less.

---

## Kujyaku
**OP11-004**

[On Play] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Navy} type card other than [Kujyaku] and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.
[Activate: Main] You may trash this Character: Up to 1 of your Characters gains +1000 power during this turn.

---

## Smoker
**OP11-005**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[DON!! x1] This Character cannot be K.O.'d by effects of Characters without the ＜Special＞ attribute.

---

## Zephyr
**OP11-006**

[DON!! x1] [When Attacking] Give up to 1 of your opponent's ＜Special＞ attribute Characters −5000 power during this turn.

---

## Tashigi
**OP11-007**

[Activate: Main] You may rest this Character: If your Leader has the {Navy} type, up to 1 of your {Navy} type Characters gains +2000 power during this turn.

---

## Doll
**OP11-008**

[Blocker]
[On Play] You may trash 1 card from your hand: If your Leader has the {Navy} type, give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −6000 power during this turn.

---

## Nico Robin
**OP11-009**

[DON!! x2] [When Attacking] Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −2000 power until the end of your opponent's next turn.

---

## Hibari
**OP11-010**

[On Play] Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −2000 power during this turn.
[When Attacking] This Character gains +1000 power during this turn. Then, up to 1 of your {Navy} type Leader can also attack active Characters during this turn.

---

## Franky
**OP11-012**

[Your Turn] [Once Per Turn] When your opponent activates an Event, all of your Characters gain +2000 power during this turn.

---

## Prince Grus
**OP11-013**

[When Attacking] All of your opponent's Characters with 2000 power or less cannot activate [Blocker] during this turn.

---

## Borsalino
**OP11-014**

[Blocker]
[Activate: Main] You may rest this Character: Up to 1 of your {Navy} type Leader or Character cards can also attack active Characters during this turn.

---

## Roronoa Zoro
**OP11-016**

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] Give up to 1 rested DON!! card to your Leader or 1 of your Characters.

---

## Honesty Impact
**OP11-018**

[Main] Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −4000 power during this turn. Then, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 6000 power or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 6000 power or less.

---

## Glorp Web!!
**OP11-019**

[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +2000 power during this battle. Then, if your opponent has a Character with 6000 power or more, up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +1000 power during this turn.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +1000 power during this turn.

---

## X Calibur
**OP11-020**

[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +2000 power during this battle. Then, if your opponent has a Character with 6000 power or more, up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +1000 power during this turn.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +1000 power during this turn.

---

## Jinbe
**OP11-021**

[End of Your Turn] If you have 6 or less cards in your hand, set up to 1 of your {Fish-Man} or {Merfolk} type Characters and up to 1 of your DON!! cards as active.

---

## Shirahoshi
**OP11-022**

This Leader cannot attack.
[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] You may rest 1 of your DON!! cards and turn 1 card from the top of your Life cards face-up: Play up to 1 {Neptunian} type Character card or [Megalo] with a cost equal to or less than the number of DON!! cards on your field from your hand.

---

## Arlong
**OP11-023**

If your Leader has the {Fish-Man} type, you have 3 or less Life cards and your opponent has 5 or more rested cards, give this card in your hand −3 cost.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 4 or less.

---

## Aladine
**OP11-024**

When this Character is K.O.'d by your opponent's effect, you may trash 1 card from your hand and rest 1 of your DON!! cards. If you do, play up to 1 {Fish-Man} or {Merfolk} type Character card with a cost of 6 or less from your hand.

---

## Ishilly
**OP11-025**

[On Your Opponent's Attack] [Once Per Turn] You may rest 1 of your DON!! cards and this Character: Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +1000 power during this battle.

---

## Bulge-Eyed Neptunian
**OP11-027**

If your Leader is [Shirahoshi], this Character can attack Characters on the turn in which it is played.

---

## Lord of the Coast
**OP11-028**

[On Play] Up to 1 of your opponent's rested Characters will not become active in your opponent's next Refresh Phase.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's rested Characters with a cost of 3 or less.

---

## Charlotte Praline
**OP11-029**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Play] Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 1 or less.

---

## Shirahoshi
**OP11-030**

[Activate: Main] You may rest 1 of your DON!! cards and this Character: Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Neptunian} or {Fish-Man Island} type card and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Jinbe
**OP11-031**

[On Play] If your Leader has the {Fish-Man} or {Merfolk} type, rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 5 or less.
[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] Up to 1 of your {Fish-Man} or {Merfolk} type Characters can attack Characters on the turn in which it is played.

---

## Hatchan
**OP11-034**

[Activate: Main] You may rest this Character: If your Leader has the {Fish-Man} or {Merfolk} type, up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 3 or less cannot be rested until the end of your opponent's next turn.

---

## Fisher Tiger
**OP11-035**

When this Character is K.O.'d by your opponent's effect, you may rest 1 of your DON!! cards. If you do, play up to 1 {Fish-Man} or {Merfolk} type Character card with a cost of 4 or less from your hand.
[On Play] Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters.

---

## Spotted Neptunian
**OP11-036**

[On Play] If your Leader is [Shirahoshi], look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Neptunian} type card or [Shirahoshi] and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Ancient Weapon Poseidon
**OP11-037**

[Main] Look at 4 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Neptunian} or {Fish-Man Island} type Character card and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Draw 1 card.

---

## Gum-Gum Elephant Gatling
**OP11-038**

[Main] You may rest 1 of your DON!! cards: Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 5 or less.
[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader gains +3000 power during this battle.

---

## Vagabond Drill
**OP11-039**

[Counter] Up to 1 of your {Fish-Man} or {Merfolk} type Leader or Character cards gains +3000 power during this battle. Then, rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 3 or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 4 or less.

---

## Monkey.D.Luffy
**OP11-040**

This effect can be activated at the start of your turn. If you have 8 or more DON!! cards on your field, look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Straw Hat Crew} type card and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the top or bottom of the deck in any order.

---

## Nami
**OP11-041**

[Your Turn] [Once Per Turn] This effect can be activated when a card is removed from your or your opponent's Life cards. If you have 7 or less cards in your hand, draw 1 card.
[DON!! x1] [On Your Opponent's Attack] [Once Per Turn] You may trash 1 card from your hand: This Leader gains +2000 power during this turn.

---

## Vito
**OP11-042**

[On Play] You may trash 1 {Firetank Pirates} type card from your hand: This Character gains [Rush] during this turn.
(This card can attack on the turn in which it is played.)

---

## Vinsmoke Ichiji
**OP11-043**

[Blocker]
[On Your Opponent's Attack] [Once Per Turn] This effect can be activated when you only have Characters with a type including "GERMA". Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +1000 power during this battle. Then, trash 2 cards from the top of your deck.

---

## Vinsmoke Judge
**OP11-044**

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] You may trash 1 card from your hand: All of your {GERMA 66} type Characters gain +1000 power during this turn.

---

## Vinsmoke Yonji
**OP11-046**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
If you only have Characters with a type including "GERMA", this Character cannot be K.O.'d or rested by your opponent's effects.

---

## Vinsmoke Reiju
**OP11-047**

[On Play] If your Leader has the {The Vinsmoke Family} type, look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 card with a type including "GERMA" and add it to your hand. Then, trash the rest.

---

## Capone"Gang"Bege
**OP11-048**

[On Play] Look at 4 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Firetank Pirates} or {Straw Hat Crew} type card with a cost of 2 or more and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Carrot
**OP11-049**

[On Play] Look at 3 cards from the top of your deck and place them at the top or bottom of the deck in any order.
[On Your Opponent's Attack] You may trash this Character: Up to 1 of your Leader gains +1000 power during this battle.

---

## Gotti
**OP11-050**

[When Attacking] You may trash 1 {Firetank Pirates} type card from your hand: Return up to 1 Character with a cost of 1 or less to the owner's hand or place it at the bottom of their deck.

---

## Sanji
**OP11-051**

When this Character is K.O.'d by your opponent's effect, look at 5 cards from the top of your deck and play up to 1 {Straw Hat Crew} type Character card with a cost of 5 or less. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.
[On Play] Return up to 1 Character with 5000 base power or less to the owner's hand.

---

## Nami
**OP11-054**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Play] If your Leader is multicolored, draw 3 cards and place 2 cards from your hand at the top or bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Brook
**OP11-056**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Play] Place up to 1 Character with a base cost of 1 at the bottom of the owner's deck.

---

## Pedro
**OP11-057**

If you have 4 or less cards in your hand, this Character gains [Blocker].
(After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## Monkey.D.Luffy
**OP11-058**

If you have 5 or more cards in your hand, this Character cannot attack.
[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## Gum-Gum King Cobra
**OP11-059**

[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +2000 power during this battle. Then, if you have 4 or less cards in your hand, that card gains an additional +2000 power during this battle.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Return up to 1 Character with a cost of 2 or less to the owner's hand.

---

## Let's Crash This Wedding!!!
**OP11-060**

[Main] If your Leader is multicolored, look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Straw Hat Crew} type card other than [Let's Crash This Wedding!!!] and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Main] effect.

---

## Gum-Gum Jet Culverin
**OP11-061**

[Main] Place up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a base cost of 4 or less at the bottom of the owner's deck.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Place up to 1 Character with a cost of 1 or less at the bottom of the owner's deck.

---

## Charlotte Katakuri
**OP11-062**

[When Attacking]/[On Your Opponent's Attack] [Once Per Turn] DON!! −1: Look at 1 card from the top of your opponent's deck. Then, this Leader gains +1000 power during this battle.

---

## Little Sadi
**OP11-063**

[On Play] DON!! −1 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): If your Leader has the {Impel Down} type, rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 3 or less.

---

## Charlotte Anana
**OP11-065**

If you have a purple {Big Mom Pirates} type Character other than [Charlotte Anana], this Character gains [Blocker].
(After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## Charlotte Oven
**OP11-066**

[Activate: Main] You may rest this Character: Choose a cost and reveal 1 card from the top of your opponent's deck. If the revealed card has the chosen cost, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a base cost of 3 or less. Then, add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and rest it.

---

## Charlotte Katakuri
**OP11-067**

[Blocker]
[End of Your Turn] Set up to 2 of your {Big Mom Pirates} type Characters with a cost of 3 or more as active. Then, add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and rest it.

---

## Charlotte Brulee
**OP11-069**

[On Play] You may add 1 card from the top of your Life cards to your hand: If your Leader has the {Big Mom Pirates} type, add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and set it as active.

---

## Charlotte Pudding
**OP11-070**

[On Play] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Big Mom Pirates} type card with a cost of 2 or more and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.
[Activate: Main] DON!! −1, You may rest this Character: Look at 1 card from the top of your opponent's deck.

---

## Charlotte Perospero
**OP11-071**

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] You may trash 1 card from your hand: Choose a cost and reveal 1 card from the top of your opponent's deck. If the revealed card has the chosen cost, draw 1 card and add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and set it as active.

---

## Charlotte Mont-d'or
**OP11-072**

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] DON!! −1, You may rest this Character: Your opponent places 2 cards from their trash at the bottom of their deck in any order. Then, add 1 card from the top of your Life cards to your hand.

---

## Charlotte Linlin
**OP11-073**

If your Leader has the {Big Mom Pirates} type, this Character gains [Rush].
[On Your Opponent's Attack] [Once Per Turn] DON!! −5: Choose a cost and reveal 1 card from the top of your opponent's deck. If the revealed card has the chosen cost, up to 1 of your Leader gains +2000 power during this turn.

---

## Streusen
**OP11-074**

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] DON!! −1, You may rest this Character: Choose a cost and reveal 1 card from the top of your opponent's deck. If the revealed card has the chosen cost, rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 4 or less.

---

## Jaguar.D.Saul
**OP11-075**

[On Play] If your Leader is [Nico Robin] and you have 7 or more DON!! cards on your field, draw 2 cards.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [On Play] effect.

---

## Hannyabal
**OP11-076**

[Blocker]
[On Play] If your Leader has the {Impel Down} type, play up to 1 {Impel Down} type Character card with a cost of 3 or less from your hand.

---

## Randolph
**OP11-077**

[Your Turn] [Once Per Turn] When a DON!! card on your field is returned to your DON!! deck, up to 1 of your {Big Mom Pirates} type Characters gains +2 cost until the end of your opponent's next turn.

---

## When Two Men Are Fighting the Last Thing I Need Is Some Half-Hearted Assistance!!!!
**OP11-079**

[Counter] Choose a cost and reveal 1 card from the top of your opponent's deck. If the revealed card has the chosen cost, up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +5000 power during this battle.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Draw 1 card.

---

## Gear Two
**OP11-080**

[Main] You may rest 2 of your DON!! cards: If your Leader's colors include blue, add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and rest it.
[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader gains +3000 power during this battle.

---

## Cognac Mama-Mash
**OP11-081**

[Main] Choose a cost and reveal 1 card from the top of your opponent's deck. If the revealed card has the chosen cost, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a base cost of 8 or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and set it as active.

---

## Aramaki
**OP11-082**

[Activate: Main] You may trash this Character: If your Leader has the {Navy} type, up to 1 of your {Navy} type Characters can also attack active Characters during this turn. Then, trash 2 cards from the top of your deck.

---

## Caribou
**OP11-083**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Play] Trash 2 cards from your hand.

---

## Kuzan
**OP11-084**

[On Play] Trash 3 cards from the top of your deck.
[When Attacking] Up to 1 of your {Navy} type Leader or Character cards can also attack active Characters during this turn.

---

## Kurozumi Orochi
**OP11-085**

[On Play] Add up to 1 {SMILE} type card with a cost of 5 or less from your trash to your hand.

---

## Coribou
**OP11-086**

[On Play] Trash 1 card from your hand.
[Activate: Main] You may trash this Character: Play up to 1 [Caribou] with a cost of 4 or less from your trash.

---

## Shu
**OP11-088**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[Once Per Turn] This effect can be activated when your opponent's Character attacks. If that Character has the ＜Slash＞ attribute, this Character gains +5000 power during this battle.

---

## Briscola
**OP11-090**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## Berry Good
**OP11-091**

[On Play] Your opponent places 3 Events from their trash at the bottom of their deck in any order.

---

## Helmeppo
**OP11-092**

[On Play] You may trash 1 card from your hand: Draw 1 card and play up to 1 {SWORD} type Character card with a cost of 8 or less other than [Helmeppo] from your trash. Then, place the 1 Character played by this effect at the bottom of the owner's deck at the end of this turn.

---

## Monkey.D.Garp
**OP11-095**

[On Play] You may place 3 {Navy} type cards from your trash at the bottom of your deck in any order: Give up to 1 rested DON!! card to 1 of your Leader. Then, if there is a Character with a cost of 9 or more, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 7 or less.

---

## Ripper
**OP11-096**

If you have a black {Navy} type Character other than [Ripper], this Character gains [Blocker].
(After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## After All These Years I'm Losing My Edge!!!
**OP11-097**

[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +1000 power during this battle. Then, if you have 10 or more cards in your trash, add up to 1 black Character card with a cost of 3 or less from your trash to your hand.

---

## Blue Hole
**OP11-098**

[Main] You may trash 3 cards from the top of your deck: K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 2 or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +1000 power during this turn.

---

## I'm Gonna Be a Navy Officer!!!
**OP11-099**

[Main] Look at 3 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Navy} type card other than [I'm Gonna Be a Navy Officer!!!] and add it to your hand. Then, trash the rest.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Main] effect.

---

## Otohime
**OP11-100**

[On Play] If your Leader is [Shirahoshi], you may turn 1 card from the top of your Life cards face-down: Draw 1 card.

---

## Capone"Gang"Bege
**OP11-101**

[Blocker]
[Once Per Turn] If your {Supernovas} type Character other than [Capone"Gang"Bege] would be removed from the field by your opponent's effect, you may add it to the top of your Life cards face-down instead.

---

## Camie
**OP11-102**

[Your Turn] [Once Per Turn] This effect can be activated when your opponent activates an Event or [Trigger]. If your opponent has 2 or more Life cards, trash 1 card from the top of each of your and your opponent's Life cards.

---

## Long-Jaw Neptunian
**OP11-103**

[Activate: Main] If your Leader is [Shirahoshi], you may rest this Character and turn 1 card from the top of your Life cards face-down: K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 3 or less.

---

## Shirley
**OP11-104**

[Blocker]
[On Play] You may turn 1 card from the top of your Life cards face-down: Look at 3 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Fish-Man Island} type card and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the top or bottom of the deck in any order.

---

## Zeus
**OP11-106**

[On Play] You may add 1 card from the top or bottom of your Life cards to your hand: K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 5 or less.

---

## Topknot Neptunian
**OP11-107**

[Blocker]
[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] If your Leader is [Shirahoshi], you may turn 1 card from the top of your Life cards face-down: Set this Character as active at the end of this turn.

---

## Neptune
**OP11-108**

[On Play] If your Leader is [Shirahoshi], you may turn 1 card from the top of your Life cards face-down: Draw 2 cards and trash 1 card from your hand.

---

## Pappag
**OP11-109**

[On Play] If you have [Camie], draw 2 cards and trash 2 cards from your hand.

---

## Fukaboshi
**OP11-110**

If this Character would be K.O.'d, you may rest 1 of your [Fish-Man Island] or your [Shirahoshi] Leader instead.
[On Play] You may add 1 card from the top or bottom of your Life cards to your hand: K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 1 or less.

---

## Megalo
**OP11-112**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[Opponent's Turn] If your Leader is [Shirahoshi], this Character gains +4000 power.

---

## Gum-Gum Fire-Fist Pistol Red Hawk
**OP11-114**

[Main] You may rest 3 of your DON!! cards: If you and your opponent have a total of 5 or more Life cards, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a base cost of 5 or less.
[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader gains +3000 power during this battle.

---

## You're Just Not My Type!
**OP11-115**

[Counter] If your Leader is [Shirahoshi], up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +4000 power during this battle.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 2 or less.

---

## Merman Combat Ultramarine
**OP11-116**

[Main] Add up to 1 Character with a cost of 6 or less to the top or bottom of the owner's Life cards face-up.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Add up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 4 or less to the top or bottom of the owner's Life cards face-up.

---

## Fish-Man Island
**OP11-117**

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] If your Leader is [Shirahoshi], you may turn 1 card from the top of your Life cards face-up: Up to 1 of your {Neptunian}, {Fish-Man}, or {Merfolk} type Characters gains +1000 power during this turn.

---

## Monkey.D.Luffy
**OP11-118**

[Rush]
[When Attacking] You may trash 1 card from your hand: Return up to 1 Character with a cost of 4 or less to the owner's hand. Then, give up to 1 rested DON!! card to your Leader or 1 of your Characters.

---

## Koby
**OP11-119**

[On Play] Up to 1 of your Characters can also attack active Characters during this turn.
[When Attacking] You may place 2 cards from your trash at the bottom of your deck in any order: Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +1000 power until the end of your opponent's next turn.

---
