# OP-15

## Krieg
**OP15-001** · Leader · Red/Green

[DON!! x1] [Opponent's Turn] If the only Characters on your field are {East Blue} type Characters, give all of your opponent's Characters −2000 power.
[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters that has 2 or more DON!! cards given.

---

## Lucy
**OP15-002** · Leader · Red/Blue

[When Attacking]/[On Your Opponent's Attack] You may trash any number of Event or Stage cards from your hand. This Leader gains +1000 power during this battle for every card trashed.
[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] If you have activated an Event with a base cost of 3 or more during this turn, draw 1 card.

---

## Alvida
**OP15-003** · Character · Red

If this Character would be K.O.'d, you may trash 1 Character card with a power of 6000 or less from your hand instead.
[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] You may give 1 of your opponent's rested DON!! cards to 1 of your opponent's Characters: Give up to 1 rested DON!! card to its owner's Leader or 1 of their Characters.

---

## Sea Cat
**OP15-004** · Character · Red

[On Play] If your Leader has 0 power or less, give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −3000 power during this turn.

---

## Cabaji
**OP15-005** · Character · Red

[When Attacking] If your opponent has any DON!! cards given, this Character gains +2000 power during this turn.

---

## Cavendish
**OP15-006** · Character · Red

If you have 4 or more Events in your trash, this Character gains +2000 power.

---

## Gin
**OP15-007** · Character · Red

[On Play] If your Leader has the {East Blue} type, play up to 1 Character card with a cost of 5 or less from your hand.

---

## Krieg
**OP15-008** · Character · Red

[On Play] Give up to 3 of your opponent's rested DON!! cards to 1 of your opponent's Characters. Then, this Character gains [Rush] during this turn.
[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] If this Character was played on this turn, give all of your opponent's Characters −1000 power during this turn for every DON!! card given to that Character.

---

## Koby
**OP15-009** · Character · Red

If your Character with 7000 base power or less would be removed from the field by your opponent's effect, you may give your Leader −2000 power during this turn instead.

---

## Nezumi
**OP15-010** · Character · Red

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] Give up to 1 rested DON!! card to its owner's Leader or 1 of their Characters.

---

## Pearl
**OP15-011** · Character · Red

[Opponent's Turn] If your Leader has the {East Blue} type, this Character gains [Blocker] and +2000 power.
[On K.O.] If your Leader has the {East Blue} type, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 6000 base power or less.

---

## Buggy
**OP15-012** · Character · Red

[When Attacking] Give up to 1 rested DON!! card to its owner's Leader or 1 of their Characters.
[On K.O.] Draw 1 card.

---

## Pincers
**OP15-013** · Character · Red

If your Leader has 0 power or less, give this card in your hand −2 cost.
[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## Bartolomeo
**OP15-014** · Character · Red

If this Character would be K.O.'d, you may trash 1 Event from your hand instead.
[On Play] Activate up to 1 {Dressrosa} type Event with a base cost of 3 or less from your hand.

---

## Higuma
**OP15-015** · Character · Red

[On Play] Give up to 1 of your opponent's rested DON!! cards to 1 of your opponent's Characters. Then, give −1000 power during this turn to up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a DON!! card given.

---

## Morgan
**OP15-017** · Character · Red

[Blocker]
[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] You may give 1 of your opponent's rested DON!! cards to 1 of your opponent's Characters: Give up to 1 rested DON!! card to its owner's Leader or 1 of their Characters.

---

## Mohji
**OP15-018** · Character · Red

[When Attacking] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 3000 power or less with a DON!! card given.

---

## Barrier Bulls
**OP15-019** · Event · Red

[Main] Draw 1 card and your Leader gains +1000 power until the end of your opponent's next End Phase.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −4000 power during this turn.

---

## Fire Fist
**OP15-020** · Event · Red

[Main] Your Leader gains +3000 power during this turn and give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −8000 power until the end of your opponent's next End Phase. Then, you may trash 2 cards from your hand. If you do, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 0 power or less.

---

## Just Watch Me, Ace!!!
**OP15-021** · Event · Red

If you have 4 or more Events in your trash, give this card in your hand −3 cost.
[Main]/[Counter] Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −3000 power during this turn.

---

## Brook
**OP15-022** · Leader · Green/Black

Under the rules of this game, you do not lose when your deck has 0 cards. You lose at the end of the turn in which your deck becomes 0 cards.
[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] Trash 4 cards from the top of your deck. Then, if your deck has 0 cards, set up to 1 of your Characters as active.

---

## Arlong
**OP15-023** · Character · Green

[On K.O.] Up to 2 of your opponent's rested cards will not become active in your opponent's next Refresh Phase.
[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] You may give 1 of your opponent's rested DON!! cards to 1 of your opponent's Characters: Give up to 1 DON!! card from its owner's cost area to its owner's Leader or 1 of their Characters.

---

## Usopp
**OP15-024** · Character · Green

[Opponent's Turn] This Character cannot be rested by your opponent's Leader and Character effects and gains [Blocker].
[On K.O.] Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Leader or Character cards with a cost of 7 or less.

---

## Kuro
**OP15-025** · Character · Green

[Blocker]
[On Play] Give up to 2 DON!! cards from your opponent's cost area to 1 of your opponent's Characters. Then, at the end of this turn, up to 1 rested Character with 3 or more DON!! cards given will not become active in your opponent's next Refresh Phase.

---

## Jango
**OP15-026** · Character · Green

[On Play] Look at 3 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {East Blue} type card and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.
[Activate: Main] You may trash this Character: Give up to 1 of your opponent's rested DON!! cards to 1 of your opponent's Characters.

---

## Dracule Mihawk
**OP15-027** · Character · Green

[On Play] Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a DON!! card given.

---

## Meowban Brothers
**OP15-028** · Character · Green

[On Play] If your Leader has the {East Blue} type, give up to 1 DON!! card from your opponent's cost area to 1 of your opponent's Characters.

---

## Bartholomew Kuma
**OP15-029** · Character · Green

[On Play] Up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 5 or less cannot be rested until the end of your opponent's next End Phase.

---

## Purinpurin
**OP15-031** · Character · Green

[On Play] Select up to 1 of your opponent's rested Characters. If the chosen Character has a cost equal to the number of DON!! cards given to it, K.O. it.

---

## Brook
**OP15-032** · Character · Green

[On Play] Rest up to 1 of your opponent's cards.
[Activate: Main] You may trash this Character: If your Leader has the {Straw Hat Crew} type, set up to 1 of your Characters with a base cost of 8 or less as active.

---

## Hody Jones
**OP15-033** · Character · Green

[On Play] Set your {Fish-Man} type Leader as active. Then, add 1 card from the top of your Life cards to your hand.

---

## Yorki
**OP15-034** · Character · Green

[Your Turn] [On Play] Up to 1 of your [Brook] cards gains +2000 power during this turn.

---

## Laboon
**OP15-035** · Character · Green

If your Character with 7000 base power or less would be removed from the field by your opponent's effect, you may rest 2 of your cards instead.

---

## Ryuma
**OP15-036** · Character · Green

[On Play]/[When Attacking] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's rested Characters with a cost of 4 or less.

---

## The Outcome Will Tell Us Who's Strong and Who's Weak
**OP15-037** · Event · Green

[Main] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {East Blue} type card other than [The Outcome Will Tell Us Who's Strong and Who's Weak] and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Draw 1 card.

---

## It's an Order! Do Not Defy Me!!!
**OP15-038** · Event · Green

[Main] Up to 1 of your opponent's rested Characters with a cost of 8 or less that has 2 or more DON!! cards given will not become active in your opponent's next Refresh Phase.
[Counter] Up to 1 of your [Krieg] cards gains +4000 power during this battle.

---

## Rebecca
**OP15-039** · Leader · Blue

This Leader cannot attack.
[Activate: Main] You may rest this Leader and return 1 of your {Dressrosa} type Characters to the owner's hand: Play up to 1 {Dressrosa} type Character card with a cost of 3 from your hand.

---

## Viola
**OP15-040** · Character · Blue

[On Play] Look at 3 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Dressrosa} type card and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Orlumbus
**OP15-041** · Character · Blue

[On K.O.] Draw 1 card.
[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] You may place 1 of your Characters at the bottom of the owner's deck: This Character gains [Rush] during this turn.

---

## Kyros
**OP15-042** · Character · Blue

[On Play] You may trash 1 card from your hand: If your Leader is [Rebecca], this Character gains [Rush] during this turn.
[On K.O.] Add this Character card from your trash to your hand.

---

## Kelly Funk
**OP15-043** · Character · Blue

[On Play] Play up to 1 [Bobby Funk] from your hand.

---

## Koala
**OP15-044** · Character · Blue

[Blocker]
[On K.O.] Look at 3 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Dressrosa} type Event and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Sai
**OP15-045** · Character · Blue

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Play] You may trash 1 Event from your hand: Draw 2 cards.

---

## Sabo
**OP15-046** · Character · Blue

[Blocker]
[On Play] If your Leader has the {Dressrosa} type, activate up to 1 {Dressrosa} type Event from your hand.

---

## Sanji
**OP15-047** · Character · Blue

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Play] Up to 1 of your Characters gains [Unblockable] during this turn.
(This card cannot be blocked.)

---

## Chinjao
**OP15-048** · Character · Blue

[On Play] You may trash 1 Event from your hand: Draw 2 cards.
[Opponent's Turn] [On K.O.] Your opponent places 1 card from their hand at the bottom of their deck.

---

## Bobby Funk
**OP15-050** · Character · Blue

If you have [Kelly Funk], this Character gains +3000 power.

---

## Monkey.D.Luffy
**OP15-051** · Character · Blue

[Opponent's Turn] If your Leader has the {Dressrosa} type, this Character gains +3000 power.

---

## Leo
**OP15-052** · Character · Blue

If your Character with 7000 base power or less would be removed from the field by your opponent's effect, you may place 1 of your Characters at the bottom of the owner's deck instead.

---

## Rebecca
**OP15-053** · Character · Blue

[DON!! x1] This Character gains [Blocker].
[On Play] Look at 3 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Dressrosa} type card and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## And No One Else Can Have It! It's Our Memento of Him
**OP15-054** · Event · Blue

[Main] If your Leader is [Lucy], choose one:
• Draw 2 cards and trash 1 card from your hand. Then, play up to 1 {Dressrosa} type Character card with a cost of 4 or less from your hand.
• Return up to 1 Stage to the owner's hand.

---

## Go Ahead and Use 'Em, Mr. Luffy!!!
**OP15-055** · Event · Blue

[Main] Choose one:
• Draw 2 cards.
• Up to 1 of your {Dressrosa} type Characters gains [Blocker] until the end of your opponent's next End Phase.

---

## Would You Let Me Eat the Flame-Flame Fruit?
**OP15-056** · Event · Blue

[Main] Draw 2 cards. Then, your [Lucy] Leader gains [Double Attack] and +3000 power during this turn.
(This card deals 2 damage.)

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Draw 2 cards.

---

## Dressrosa Kingdom
**OP15-057** · Stage · Blue

[On Play] If your Leader has the {Dressrosa} type, draw 1 card.
[On Your Opponent's Attack] You may rest this Stage and trash 1 Event or Stage card from your hand: Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +2000 power during this battle.

---

## Enel
**OP15-058** · Leader · Purple

Under the rules of this game, your DON!! deck consists of 6 cards.
[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] If it is your second turn or later, add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and set it as active, and add up to 4 additional DON!! cards and rest them. Then, give up to 4 rested DON!! cards to 1 of your Characters.

---

## Amazon
**OP15-059** · Character · Purple

[On Your Opponent's Attack] You may rest this Character: Your opponent may return 1 of their active DON!! cards to their DON!! deck. If they do not, give up to 1 of your opponent's Leader or Character cards −2000 power during this turn.

---

## Enel
**OP15-060** · Character · Purple

If you have 6 or less DON!! cards on your field, this Character cannot be removed from the field by your opponent's effects and gains +2000 power.
[Activate: Main] DON!! −1: This Character gains [Blocker] until the end of your opponent's next End Phase. Then, trash 1 card from your hand.

---

## Ohm
**OP15-061** · Character · Purple

[On Play] DON!! −1: Draw 1 card.
[When Attacking] If you have 6 or less DON!! cards on your field, give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −1000 power during this turn.

---

## Gedatsu
**OP15-063** · Character · Purple

[On Play] DON!! −1: Draw 1 card.
[On K.O.] If you have 6 or less DON!! cards on your field, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 2000 power or less.

---

## Kotori
**OP15-064** · Character · Purple

[Activate: Main] DON!! −2, You may rest this Character: If you have [Satori] and [Hotori], rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 5000 power or less.

---

## Goro
**OP15-065** · Character · Purple

[On Play] Reveal 1 card from the top of your deck. If the revealed card has a cost of 2 or less, add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and rest it.

---

## Satori
**OP15-066** · Character · Purple

[On Play] DON!! −1: Draw 1 card.
[When Attacking] If you have 6 or less DON!! cards on your field, look at 2 cards from the top of your deck and place them at the top or bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Shura
**OP15-067** · Character · Purple

If you have 6 or less DON!! cards on your field, this Character gains [Rush].
(This card can attack on the turn in which it is played.)
[On Play] DON!! −1: Draw 1 card.

---

## Heavenly Warriors
**OP15-068** · Character · Purple

If you have 6 or less DON!! cards on your field, this Character gains [Blocker].
(After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## Nola
**OP15-069** · Character · Purple

If your Character with 7000 base power or less would be removed from the field by your opponent's effect, you may return 1 DON!! card from your field to your DON!! deck instead.

---

## Fuza
**OP15-070** · Character · Purple

All of your [Shura] cards and this Character gain [Unblockable].
(This card cannot be blocked.)
[Opponent's Turn] All of your [Shura] cards' base power and this Character's base power become 6000.

---

## Holly
**OP15-071** · Character · Purple

All of your [Ohm] cards and this Character gain [Double Attack].
(This card deals 2 damage.)
[Opponent's Turn] All of your [Ohm] cards' base power and this Character's base power become 6000.

---

## Hotori
**OP15-072** · Character · Purple

[Activate: Main] DON!! −2, You may rest this Character: If you have [Kotori] and [Satori], give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −3000 power during this turn.

---

## Yama
**OP15-073** · Character · Purple

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Play] Play up to 1 [Heavenly Warriors] with a cost of 1 or up to 1 {Vassals} type Character card with a cost of 1 from your hand.

---

## Varie
**OP15-074** · Event · Purple

[Main] DON!! −1: If your Leader is [Enel], draw 1 card. Then, up to 1 of your Characters gains +2 cost until the end of your opponent's next End Phase.
[Counter] Up to 1 of your [Enel] cards gains +2000 power during this battle.

---

## El Thor
**OP15-075** · Event · Purple

[Main] DON!! −1: If your Leader is [Enel], up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +1000 power during this turn. Then, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 3000 power or less.
[Counter] Up to 1 of your [Enel] cards gains +2000 power during this battle.

---

## Lightning Beast Kiten
**OP15-076** · Event · Purple

[Main] DON!! −1: If your Leader is [Enel], draw 1 card. Then, give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −1000 power during this turn.
[Counter] Up to 1 of your [Enel] cards gains +2000 power during this battle.

---

## Lightning Dragon
**OP15-077** · Event · Purple

[Main] DON!! −1: Draw 1 card. Then, up to 1 of your opponent's rested Characters with 6000 power or less will not become active in your opponent's next Refresh Phase.

---

## Mamaragan
**OP15-078** · Event · Purple

[Main] DON!! −2: Draw 1 card. Then, rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 5000 power or less.
[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +1000 power during this battle. Then, if you have 6 or less DON!! cards on your field, draw 1 card.

---

## Absalom
**OP15-079** · Character · Black

[On K.O.] Add up to 1 {Thriller Bark Pirates} type card from your trash to your hand.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [On K.O.] effect.

---

## Oars
**OP15-080** · Character · Black

If you have [Gecko Moria] with 10000 power or more on your field and there are no other [Oars] cards, this Character gains +7000 power.
[On K.O.] You may place 3 cards from your trash at the bottom of your deck in any order: Play this Character card from your trash.

---

## Sanji
**OP15-081** · Character · Black

[On Play] If your Leader has the {Straw Hat Crew} type, trash 5 cards from the top of your deck.

---

## Charlotte Lola
**OP15-082** · Character · Black

[On Play] Trash 3 cards from the top of your deck.
[On K.O.] Add up to 1 of your Character cards with a cost of 8 or less from your trash to your hand.

---

## Spoil
**OP15-083** · Character · Black

[On Play] Trash 3 cards from the top of your deck.
[Activate: Main] You may trash this Character: If you have 15 or more cards in your trash, give up to 1 rested DON!! card to 1 of your Leader or Character cards.

---

## Dr. Hogback
**OP15-084** · Character · Black

[On Play] If your Leader has the {Thriller Bark Pirates} type, trash 5 cards from the top of your deck.
[On K.O.] If you have 6 or less cards in your hand, draw 1 card.

---

## Tony Tony.Chopper
**OP15-085** · Character · Black

[On Play] Trash 3 cards from the top of your deck.
[Activate: Main] You may trash this Character: If your Leader has the {Straw Hat Crew} type, add up to 1 {Straw Hat Crew} type Character card other than [Tony Tony.Chopper] from your trash to your hand.

---

## Nami
**OP15-086** · Character · Black

[On Play] If your Leader has the {Straw Hat Crew} type, play up to 1 {Straw Hat Crew} type Character with a cost of 7 or less from your trash. The Character played with this effect gains [Rush] during this turn.

---

## Nico Robin
**OP15-087** · Character · Black

If you have 10 or more cards in your trash, this Character gains [Blocker].
[On Play] Draw 2 cards and trash 2 cards from your hand.

---

## Pirates Docking Six
**OP15-088** · Character · Black

This Character gains +6 cost.
[On Play] You may trash 3 cards from the top of your deck: Play up to 1 {Straw Hat Crew} type Character card with a cost of 2 or less from your trash.

---

## Perona
**OP15-090** · Character · Black

If your Character with 7000 base power or less would be removed from the field by your opponent's effect, you may trash 1 card from your hand instead.

---

## Margarita
**OP15-091** · Character · Black

[On Play] Place up to 1 card from your opponent's trash at the bottom of the owner's deck.

---

## Monkey.D.Luffy
**OP15-092** · Character · Black

Apply each of the following effects based on the number of cards in your trash:
• If there are 10 or more cards, this Character's base power becomes 9000 and it gains +10 cost.
• If you have 20 or more cards, during your opponent's turn, your Leader's base power becomes 7000.
• If you have 30 or more cards, this Character gains +1000 power.

---

## The Risky Brothers
**OP15-093** · Character · Black

[Activate: Main] You may trash this Character: If you have 15 or more cards in your trash, up to 1 of your [Monkey.D.Luffy] Characters gains [Rush: Character] and the  attribute during this turn.

---

## Roronoa Zoro
**OP15-094** · Character · Black

If your {Straw Hat Crew} type Character other than this Character would be removed from the field by your opponent's effect, you may trash this Character instead.
[Blocker]

---

## Gum-Gum Storm
**OP15-095** · Event · Black

[Main] You may rest 1 of your DON!! cards: If you have 15 or more cards in your trash, up to 1 of your {Straw Hat Crew} type Leader or Character cards gains +3000 power during this turn.
[Counter] If you have 15 or more cards in your trash, up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +4000 power during this battle.

---

## Swallow Bond en Avant
**OP15-096** · Event · Black

[Main] You may rest 1 of your DON!! cards: If your Leader has the {Straw Hat Crew} type, trash 5 cards from the top of your deck.
[Counter] You may trash 1 card from your hand: Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +3000 power during this battle.

---

## I Find It Embarrassing as a Human Being
**OP15-097** · Event · Black

[Main] If you have 10 or more cards in your trash, up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a base cost of 5 or less cannot attack until the end of your opponent's next End Phase.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Main] effect.

---

## Monkey.D.Luffy
**OP15-098** · Leader · Yellow

If your {Sky Island} type Character with 6000 base power or more would be removed from the field by your opponent, you may add 1 card from the top of your Life cards to your hand instead.

---

## Urouge
**OP15-099** · Character · Yellow

[On Play] You may trash 1 {Supernovas} type card from your hand: This Character gains [Rush] during this turn.
[Activate: Main] You may turn 1 card from the top of your Life cards face-down: Give up to 1 rested DON!! card to your Leader or 1 of your Characters.

---

## Kamakiri
**OP15-100** · Character · Yellow

[On Play] You may trash this Character and add 1 card from the top of your Life cards to your hand: K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 6 or less.

---

## Kalgara
**OP15-101** · Character · Yellow

[On Play] You may trash 1 card from your hand: Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to a total of 2 [Mont Blanc Noland] or {Shandian Warrior} type cards and add them to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Gan.Fall
**OP15-102** · Character · Yellow

If you have a {Sky Island} type Character with 7000 power or more, give this card in your hand −3 cost.
[On Play] Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost equal to or less than the number of your opponent's Life cards.

---

## Conis
**OP15-104** · Character · Yellow

[On Play] If you have less Life cards than your opponent, draw 2 cards and trash 2 cards from your hand.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Draw 2 cards and trash 1 card from your hand.

---

## Jewelry Bonney
**OP15-105** · Character · Yellow

If your Character with 7000 base power or less would be removed from the field by your opponent's effect, you may add 1 card from the top of your Life cards to your hand instead.

---

## Nami
**OP15-108** · Character · Yellow

[On Play] Look at 3 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Sky Island} type card and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Nico Robin
**OP15-109** · Character · Yellow

[On Play] You may add 1 card from the top of your Life cards to your hand: If your Leader has the {Straw Hat Crew} type, add up to 1 card from the top of your deck to the top of your Life cards. Then, play up to 1 {Sky Island} type Character card with a cost of 5 or less from your hand.

---

## Braham
**OP15-110** · Character · Yellow

[On K.O.] If your Leader has the {Shandian Warrior} type, add up to 1 card from the top of your deck to the top of your Life cards.

---

## Mont Blanc Noland
**OP15-111** · Character · Yellow

[DON!! x1] [When Attacking] Up to 1 of your [Kalgara] cards gains [Rush] during this turn.
(This card can attack on the turn in which it is played.)

---

## Raki
**OP15-112** · Character · Yellow

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Play] Play up to 1 {Shandian Warrior} type Character card with a cost of 3 or less from your hand.

---

## Roronoa Zoro
**OP15-113** · Character · Yellow

[On Play] You may trash 1 card from your hand: Add up to 1 card from the top of your deck to the top of your Life cards.

---

## Wyper
**OP15-114** · Character · Yellow

[On Play] You may turn 1 card from the top of your Life cards face-up: Give all of your opponent's Characters −2000 power during this turn. Then, K.O. all of your opponent's Characters with 0 power or less.
[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] Give up to 1 rested DON!! card to 1 of your {Sky Island} type Leader or Character cards.

---

## Impact Dial
**OP15-115** · Event · Yellow

[Main] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 4 or less. Then, add 1 card from the top of your Life cards to your hand.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 4 or less.

---

## Gum-Gum Golden Rifle
**OP15-116** · Event · Yellow

[Main] If your Leader has the {Straw Hat Crew} type, trash 1 card from the top of your Life cards. Then, add up to 1 card from the top of your deck to the top of your Life cards and trash 1 card from your hand.
[Counter] Your Leader gains +4000 power during this battle.

---

## Heso!!
**OP15-117** · Event · Yellow

[Main] Draw 1 card. Then, give up to 1 rested DON!! card to 1 of your {Sky Island} type Leader or Character cards.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] If your Leader has the {Sky Island} type, draw 2 cards.

---

## Enel
**OP15-118** · Character · Purple

If you have 6 or less DON!! cards on your field, this Character cannot be removed from the field by your opponent's effects and gains +2000 power.
[On Play] DON!! −1: Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck and add up to 1 card to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order, and trash 1 card from your hand.

---

## Monkey.D.Luffy
**OP15-119** · Character · Yellow

If you have 6 or more DON!! cards on your field, this Character gains [Rush].
When your opponent activates an Event or [Blocker], reveal up to 1 card from the top of your Life cards. This Character gains +1000 power during this turn per 1 cost on the revealed card.

---
