# OP-13

## Monkey.D.Luffy
**OP13-001** · Leader · Red/Green

[DON!! x1] [On Your Opponent's Attack] If you have 5 or less active DON!! cards, you may rest any number of your DON!! cards. For every DON!! card rested this way, this Leader or up to 1 of your {Straw Hat Crew} type Characters gains +2000 power during this battle.

---

## Portgas.D.Ace
**OP13-002** · Leader · Red/Blue

[On Your Opponent's Attack] [Once Per Turn] You may trash 1 card from your hand: Give up to 1 of your opponent's Leader or Character cards −2000 power during this battle.
[DON!! x1] [Once Per Turn] When you take damage or your Character with 6000 base power or more is K.O.'d, draw 1 card.

---

## Gol.D.Roger
**OP13-003** · Leader · Red/Purple

If you have any DON!! cards on your field, 1 DON!! card placed during your DON!! Phase is given to your Leader.
If you have 9 or less DON!! cards on your field, give this Leader −2000 power.

---

## Sabo
**OP13-004** · Leader · Red/Black

If you have 4 or more Life cards, give this Leader −1000 power.
[DON!! x1] If you have a Character with a cost of 8 or more, your Leader and all of your Characters gain +1000 power.

---

## Inazuma
**OP13-005** · Character · Red

[On Play] Give up to 1 rested DON!! card to your Leader.

---

## Woop Slap
**OP13-006** · Character · Red

[On Play] Give up to 2 rested DON!! cards to 1 of your [Monkey.D.Luffy] cards.

---

## Ace & Sabo & Luffy
**OP13-007** · Character · Red

[Activate: Main] You may give 1 of your active DON!! cards to 1 of your Leader or Character cards and trash this Character: Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −3000 power during this turn.

---

## Emporio.Ivankov
**OP13-008** · Character · Red

If your {Revolutionary Army} type Character would be K.O.'d by your opponent's effect, you may trash this Character instead.

---

## Curly.Dadan
**OP13-009** · Character · Red

If you have a {Mountain Bandits} type Character other than this card, this Character gains [Double Attack].

---

## Nefeltari Vivi
**OP13-012** · Character · Red

[On Play] Look at 4 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Alabasta} or {Straw Hat Crew} type card with a cost of 2 or more and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Higuma
**OP13-013** · Character · Red

[On Play] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 0 power or less.

---

## Makino
**OP13-015** · Character · Red

[Activate: Main] You may rest this Character: Up to 1 of your [Monkey.D.Luffy] cards gains +2000 power during this turn.

---

## Monkey.D.Garp
**OP13-016** · Character · Red

[On Play] If your Leader is [Sabo], [Portgas.D.Ace] or [Monkey.D.Luffy], look at 4 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 card with a cost of 3 or more and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Monkey.D.Dragon
**OP13-017** · Character · Red

[Once Per Turn] If your {Revolutionary Army} type Character would be removed from the field by your opponent's effect, you may give this Character −2000 power during this turn instead.

---

## But Ace Here Said You Deserved It!!
**OP13-019** · Event · Red

[Main] You may rest 4 of your DON!! cards: Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −3000 power during this turn. Then, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 3000 power or less.
[Counter] Your Leader gains +3000 power during this battle.

---

## Meteor Fist
**OP13-020** · Event · Red

[Main] Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −5000 power during this turn.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Main] effect.

---

## Gum-Gum Gatling Gun
**OP13-021** · Event · Red

[Main] Give up to 1 rested DON!! card to 1 of your [Monkey.D.Luffy] cards. Then, give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −2000 power during this turn.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −2000 power during this turn.

---

## Windmill Village
**OP13-022** · Stage · Red

[Activate: Main] You may rest this Stage: Up to 1 of your Characters with 2000 base power or less gains +1000 power during this turn.

---

## Uta
**OP13-023** · Character · Green

[On Play] Set up to 2 of your DON!! cards as active. Then, you cannot play Character cards with a base cost of 5 or more during this turn.
[On K.O.] Play up to 1 Character card with a cost of 5 or less from your hand rested.

---

## Gordon
**OP13-024** · Character · Green

[On Play] You may reveal 1 {Music} or {FILM} type card from your hand: Set up to 2 of your DON!! cards as active at the end of this turn.

---

## Koby
**OP13-025** · Character · Green

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Play] If your Leader has the {FILM} type or the  attribute, set up to 1 of your DON!! cards as active.

---

## Sunny-Kun
**OP13-026** · Character · Green

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] You may rest 1 of your DON!! cards: This Character gains +2000 power until the end of your opponent's next turn.

---

## Sanji
**OP13-027** · Character · Green

[On Play] Set up to 2 of your DON!! cards as active.
[End of Your Turn] If your Leader has the {FILM} or {Straw Hat Crew} type, set up to 1 of your DON!! cards as active.

---

## Shanks
**OP13-028** · Character · Green

[On Play] Set all of your DON!! cards as active. Then, you cannot play cards from your hand during this turn.

---

## Tony Tony.Chopper
**OP13-030** · Character · Green

[On Play] Set up to 2 of your DON!! cards as active.

---

## Trafalgar Law
**OP13-031** · Character · Green

If you have 1 or less Life cards, this Character gains [Blocker].
[On Play] You may return 1 of your Characters to the owner's hand: Play up to 1 Character card with a cost of 5 or less from your hand rested.

---

## Nico Robin
**OP13-032** · Character · Green

[On Play] Up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 8 or less cannot be rested until the end of your opponent's next End Phase.

---

## Franky
**OP13-033** · Character · Green

[On K.O.] Rest up to 2 of your opponent's cards.

---

## Brook
**OP13-034** · Character · Green

[On Play] If your Leader has the {FILM} or {Straw Hat Crew} type, set up to 1 of your DON!! cards as active.

---

## Bepo
**OP13-035** · Character · Green

[End of Your Turn] Set this Character or up to 1 of your DON!! cards as active.

---

## Roronoa Zoro
**OP13-037** · Character · Green

[On Play] If your Leader has the {FILM} or {Straw Hat Crew} type, set up to 2 of your DON!! cards as active.
[End of Your Turn] Set this Character as active.

---

## Gum-Gum Elephant Gun
**OP13-038** · Event · Green

[Main] Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 5 or less. Then, set up to 2 of your DON!! cards as active at the end of this turn.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 5 or less.

---

## Gum-Gum Snake Shot
**OP13-039** · Event · Green

[Counter] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's rested Characters with a cost of 4 or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Counter] effect.

---

## I Know You're Strong... So I'll Go All Out from the Very Start!!!
**OP13-040** · Event · Green

[Main] You may rest 2 of your DON!! cards: Up to 2 of your opponent's rested Characters with a cost of 7 or less will not become active in your opponent's next Refresh Phase.
[Counter] Your Leader gains +3000 power during this battle.

---

## Izo
**OP13-041** · Character · Blue

[On Play] Draw 2 cards.

---

## Edward.Newgate
**OP13-042** · Character · Blue

[Blocker]
[On Play] Draw 2 cards and trash 1 card from your hand. Then, give your Leader and 1 Character up to 2 rested DON!! cards each.

---

## Otama
**OP13-043** · Character · Blue

[On Play] If you have 3 or less Life cards, draw 2 cards and trash 1 card from your hand.

---

## Curiel
**OP13-044** · Character · Blue

[When Attacking] Give up to 1 rested DON!! card to your Leader with a type including "Whitebeard Pirates" or 1 Character with a type including "Whitebeard Pirates".
[On K.O.] Draw 1 card.

---

## Haruta
**OP13-045** · Character · Blue

[When Attacking] If you have 4 or less cards in your hand, draw 1 card.

---

## Vista
**OP13-046** · Character · Blue

[Double Attack]
[Once Per Turn] If this Character would be K.O.'d or would be removed from the field by your opponent's effect, you may trash 1 card with a type including "Whitebeard Pirates" from your hand instead.

---

## Fossa
**OP13-047** · Character · Blue

If your Character with a type including "Whitebeard Pirates" would be K.O.'d by your opponent's effect, you may trash this Character instead.

---

## Boa Sandersonia
**OP13-050** · Character · Blue

[On Play] If your Leader is [Boa Hancock], play up to 1 [Boa Hancock] with a cost of 3 or less from your hand.

---

## Boa Hancock
**OP13-051** · Character · Blue

[On K.O.] If your Leader is [Boa Hancock] or multicolored, draw 2 cards.

---

## Boa Marigold
**OP13-052** · Character · Blue

[Blocker]
[On Play] If your Leader is [Boa Hancock], play up to 1 [Boa Hancock] with a cost of 6 or less from your hand.

---

## Marshall.D.Teach
**OP13-053** · Character · Blue

[When Attacking] You may trash 1 of your Characters with a type including "Whitebeard Pirates": Draw 1 card and this Character gains [Banish] during this turn.

---

## Yamato
**OP13-054** · Character · Blue

[On Play] If you have 3 or less Life cards, draw 2 cards. Then, give up to 1 rested DON!! card to your Leader.

---

## Rakuyo
**OP13-055** · Character · Blue

[When Attacking] If you have 4 or less cards in your hand, all of your Characters with a type including "Whitebeard Pirates" gain +1000 power during this turn.

---

## LittleOars Jr.
**OP13-056** · Character · Blue

[When Attacking] If your Leader's type includes "Whitebeard Pirates", draw 1 card.

---

## If I Bowed Down to Power, What's the Point in Living?
**OP13-057** · Event · Blue

[Main] You may rest 1 of your DON!! cards: If you have 1 or less Life cards, your opponent cannot activate [Blocker] whenever your Leader attacks during this turn.
[Counter] Your Leader gains +3000 power during this battle.

---

## Phoenix Pyreapple
**OP13-058** · Event · Blue

[Main] You may rest 1 of your DON!! cards: Place up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 3000 power or less at the bottom of the owner's deck.
[Counter] Your Leader gains +3000 power during this battle.

---

## Brilliant Punk
**OP13-059** · Event · Blue

[Main] You may return 1 of your Characters to the owner's hand: Return up to 1 Character with a cost of 6 or less to the owner's hand.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Draw 1 card.

---

## Amatsuki Toki
**OP13-060** · Character · Purple

If your Character with a type including "Roger Pirates" would be K.O.'d by your opponent's effect, you may trash this Character instead.

---

## Inuarashi
**OP13-061** · Character · Purple

[On Play] If you have any DON!! cards given, add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and rest it. Then, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 1 or less.

---

## Crocus
**OP13-062** · Character · Purple

[On Play] If you have any DON!! cards given, add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and set it as active.
[When Attacking] Return up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a base power of 3000 or less to the owner's hand.

---

## Kouzuki Oden
**OP13-063** · Character · Purple

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Play] If you have any DON!! cards given, add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and rest it.

---

## Gol.D.Roger
**OP13-064** · Character · Purple

Your Leader and all of your Characters that do not have a type including "Roger Pirates" have their effects negated.
[On Play] DON!! −3: Your Leader gains +2000 power until the end of your opponent's next End Phase. Then, give all of your opponent's Characters −2000 power until the end of your opponent's next End Phase.

---

## Shanks
**OP13-065** · Character · Purple

[On Play] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 card with a type including "Roger Pirates" other than [Shanks] and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Silvers Rayleigh
**OP13-066** · Character · Purple

[Rush]
[On Play] If you have any DON!! cards given, rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 5 or less. Then, add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and set it as active at the end of this turn.

---

## Scopper Gaban
**OP13-067** · Character · Purple

[On Play] If your Leader's type includes "Roger Pirates", draw 2 cards and trash 1 card from your hand. Then, add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and rest it.

---

## Douglas Bullet
**OP13-068** · Character · Purple

If you have 8 or more DON!! cards on your field, this Character gains +2000 power.
[On Play] If your Leader's type includes "Roger Pirates", add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and rest it.

---

## Tom
**OP13-069** · Character · Purple

[On Play] DON!! −1: Add up to 1 Stage card with a cost of 3 or less from your trash to your hand.

---

## Nekomamushi
**OP13-071** · Character · Purple

[On Play] If you have 8 or more DON!! cards on your field, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 3000 base power or less.

---

## Buggy
**OP13-072** · Character · Purple

[On Play] If your Leader's type includes "Roger Pirates" and you have any DON!! cards given, add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and rest it.

---

## Hera
**OP13-074** · Character · Purple

[On Play] Play up to 1 {Homies} type Character card with 3000 power or less from your hand.

---

## Guess We'll Have Another Scrap. You Can Only Risk Death While You're Still Alive!!
**OP13-075** · Event · Purple

[Main] You may rest 1 of your DON!! cards: If your Leader is [Gol.D.Roger] and you have any DON!! cards given, add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and rest it.
[Counter] Your Leader gains +3000 power during this battle.

---

## Divine Departure
**OP13-076** · Event · Purple

[Main] You may rest 5 of your DON!! cards: If you have any DON!! cards given, give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −8000 power during this turn.
[Counter] You may trash 1 card from your hand: Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +3000 power during this battle.

---

## Go All the Way to the Top!!
**OP13-077** · Event · Purple

[Main] You may rest 3 of your DON!! cards: If you have any DON!! cards given, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 4000 base power or less and up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 3000 base power or less.
[Counter] Your Leader gains +3000 power during this battle.

---

## Oro Jackson
**OP13-078** · Stage · Purple

[Once Per Turn] When your Character with a type including "Roger Pirates" is removed from the field by your opponent's effect, add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and rest it.

---

## Imu
**OP13-079** · Leader · Black

Under the rules of this game, you cannot include Events with a cost of 2 or more in your deck and at the start of the game, play up to 1 {Mary Geoise} type Stage card from your deck.
[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] You may trash 1 of your {Celestial Dragons} type Characters or 1 card from your hand: Draw 1 card.

---

## St. Ethanbaron V. Nusjuro
**OP13-080** · Character · Black

If you have 7 or more cards in your trash, this Character cannot be removed from the field by your opponent's effects and gains [Rush].
[When Attacking] If you have 10 or more cards in your trash, give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −2000 power during this turn.

---

## Koala
**OP13-081** · Character · Black

If your Leader has the {Revolutionary Army} type, this Character gains +3 cost.
[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] You may place 1 card from your trash at the bottom of your deck: Give up to 1 rested DON!! card to your Leader or 1 of your Characters.

---

## Five Elders
**OP13-082** · Character · Black

[Activate: Main] If your Leader is [Imu], you may rest 1 of your DON!! cards and trash 1 card from your hand: Trash all of your Characters and play up to 5 {Five Elders} type Character cards with 5000 power and different card names from your trash.

---

## St. Jaygarcia Saturn
**OP13-083** · Character · Black

If you have 7 or more cards in your trash, this Character cannot be removed from the field by your opponent's effects.
[On Play] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Five Elders} type card and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## St. Shepherd Ju Peter
**OP13-084** · Character · Black

If you have 7 or more cards in your trash, this Character cannot be removed from the field by your opponent's effects.
[Your Turn] If you have 10 or more cards in your trash, set the base power of all of your {Five Elders} type Characters to 7000.

---

## Saint Shalria
**OP13-086** · Character · Black

[On Play] Look at 3 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Celestial Dragons} type card other than [Saint Shalria] and add it to your hand. Then, trash the rest and trash 1 card from your hand.

---

## Saint Charlos
**OP13-087** · Character · Black

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Play] Trash 1 card from the top of your deck.

---

## St. Topman Warcury
**OP13-089** · Character · Black

If you have 7 or more cards in your trash, this Character cannot be removed from the field by your opponent's effects and gains [Blocker].
[On K.O.] Draw 1 card.

---

## St. Marcus Mars
**OP13-091** · Character · Black

If you have 7 or more cards in your trash, this Character cannot be removed from the field by your opponent's effects and gains [Blocker].
[On Play] You may trash 1 card from your hand: K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a base cost of 5 or less.

---

## Saint Mjosgard
**OP13-092** · Character · Black

[On Play] If you have 3 or less Life cards, play up to 1 {Mary Geoise} type Stage card with a cost of 1 from your trash.

---

## Morgans
**OP13-093** · Character · Black

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Play] Draw 2 cards and trash 2 cards from your hand.

---

## York
**OP13-094** · Character · Black

[On Play] Up to 1 of your {Celestial Dragons} type Characters gains +2000 power during this turn.

---

## Saint Rosward
**OP13-095** · Character · Black

[On Play] You may trash 1 card from your hand: If you only have {Celestial Dragons} type Characters, K.O. up to 2 of your opponent's Characters with a base cost of 3 or less.

---

## The Five Elders Are at Your Service!!!
**OP13-096** · Event · Black

[Main] Look at 3 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Celestial Dragons} type card other than [The Five Elders Are at Your Service!!!] and add it to your hand. Then, trash the rest.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Main] effect.

---

## The World's Equilibrium Cannot Be Maintained Forever
**OP13-097** · Event · Black

[Main] You may rest 5 of your DON!! cards: If the only Characters on your field are {Celestial Dragons} type Characters, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a base cost of 6 or less.
[Counter] Your Leader gains +3000 power during this battle.

---

## Never Existed... in the First Place...
**OP13-098** · Event · Black

[Main] You may rest 1 of your DON!! cards: If your Leader is [Imu], K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Stages with a cost of 7.
[Counter] If your Leader is [Imu], up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +4000 power during this battle.

---

## The Empty Throne
**OP13-099** · Stage · Black

[Your Turn] If you have 19 or more cards in your trash, your Leader gains +1000 power.
[Activate: Main] You may rest this card and 3 of your DON!! cards: Play up to 1 black {Five Elders} type Character card with a cost equal to or less than the number of DON!! cards on your field from your hand.

---

## Jewelry Bonney
**OP13-100** · Leader · Yellow

[Your Turn] [Once Per Turn] This effect can be activated when you play a Character with a [Trigger]. Give up to 2 rested DON!! cards to 1 of your Leader or Character cards.

---

## Edison
**OP13-102** · Character · Yellow

[Activate: Main] You may trash this Character: If the number of your Life cards is equal to or less than the number of your opponent's Life cards, draw 1 card. Then, rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 3 or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Draw 1 card and rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 3 or less.

---

## Kouzuki Hiyori
**OP13-104** · Character · Yellow

[Blocker]
[On K.O.] You may trash 1 card from your hand: If your Leader is multicolored, add up to 1 card from the top of your deck to the top of your Life cards.

---

## Kouzuki Momonosuke
**OP13-105** · Character · Yellow

[On Play] Look at all of your Life cards and place them back in your Life area in any order.

---

## Conney
**OP13-106** · Character · Yellow

[Opponent's Turn] When a [Trigger] activates, this Character gains [Blocker] during this turn.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Play this card.

---

## Jewelry Bonney
**OP13-108** · Character · Yellow

[On Play] If your Leader has the {Egghead} type, this Character gains [Rush] during this turn. Then, your opponent adds 1 card from the top of their Life cards to their hand.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] If you have 1 or less Life cards, rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 7 or less.

---

## Jewelry Bonney
**OP13-109** · Character · Yellow

If this Character would be removed from the field by your opponent's effect, you may turn 1 card from the top of your Life cards face-up instead.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Draw 2 cards and trash 1 card from your hand.

---

## Stussy
**OP13-110** · Character · Yellow

[Blocker]
[On Play] If your Leader has the {Egghead} type, play up to 1 Character card with a cost of 5 or less and a [Trigger] from your hand.

---

## Vegapunk
**OP13-112** · Character · Yellow

If you have a total of 2 or more given DON!! cards, this Character gains [Blocker].
(After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## Lilith
**OP13-113** · Character · Yellow

[On Play] Look at 4 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 card with a [Trigger] other than [Lilith] and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [On Play] effect.

---

## S-Snake
**OP13-114** · Character · Yellow

[On Play]/[When Attacking] You may turn 1 card from the top of your Life cards face-up: Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −2000 power during this turn.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] You may trash 1 card from your hand: Play this card.

---

## Paper Art Afterimage
**OP13-115** · Event · Yellow

[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +3000 power during this battle. Then, if your opponent has 2 or less Life cards, up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +1000 power during this turn.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Draw 1 card.

---

## The One Who Is the Most Free Is the Pirate King!!!
**OP13-116** · Event · Yellow

[Main] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Supernovas} type Character card and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Main] effect.

---

## Gum-Gum Dawn Stamp
**OP13-117** · Event · Yellow

[Main] You may turn 1 card from the top of your Life cards face-up: K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a base cost of 6 or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Draw 1 card.

---

## Monkey.D.Luffy
**OP13-118** · Character · Green

[Double Attack]
[On Play] If your Leader is multicolored, set up to 4 of your DON!! cards as active. Then, you cannot play Character cards with a base cost of 5 or more during this turn.

---

## Portgas.D.Ace
**OP13-119** · Character · Blue

If you have 3 or less Life cards, this Character gains [Rush].
[On Play] Give up to 1 rested DON!! card to your Leader. Then, you may return up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 5 or less to the owner's hand. If you do, your opponent plays up to 1 Character card with a cost of 4 or less from their hand.

---

## Sabo
**OP13-120** · Character · Black

[Blocker]
[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] Up to 1 of your Characters gains +2 cost until the end of your opponent's next turn. Then, give up to 1 rested DON!! card to your Leader.

---
