# OP-12

## Silvers Rayleigh
**OP12-001**

Under the rules of this game, you cannot include cards with a cost of 5 or more in your deck.
[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] You may reveal 2 Events from your hand: Up to 1 of your Characters with 4000 base power or less gains +2000 power during this turn.

---

## Crocus
**OP12-003**

[On K.O.] You may reveal 2 Events from your hand: Play up to 1 red Character card with 3000 power or less from your hand.

---

## Kouzuki Oden
**OP12-004**

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] You may reveal 2 Events from your hand: This Character gains +2000 power during this turn.

---

## Shakuyaku
**OP12-006**

[On Play] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 [Monkey.D.Luffy] or 1 red Event and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Shanks
**OP12-007**

[On Play] Up to 1 of your Characters with a type including "Roger Pirates" other than [Shanks] gains [Rush] during this turn.
(This card can attack on the turn in which it is played.)

---

## Shanks
**OP12-008**

[Blocker]
[On Your Opponent's Attack] [Once Per Turn] You may trash 1 card from your hand: Give up to 1 of your opponent's Leader or Character cards −2000 power during this turn.

---

## Jinbe
**OP12-009**

[On Play] You may reveal 2 Events from your hand: This Character gains [Rush] during this turn. Then, this Character gains +1000 power until the end of your opponent's next End Phase.

---

## Buggy
**OP12-012**

[On Play] Up to 1 of your Characters with a type including "Roger Pirates" other than [Buggy] gains [Blocker] until the end of your opponent's next End Phase.

---

## Hatchan
**OP12-013**

[Activate: Main] You may rest this Character and reveal 2 Events from your hand: Give up to 2 rested DON!! cards to your Leader or 1 of your Characters.

---

## Boa Hancock
**OP12-014**

[On Play] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 [Monkey.D.Luffy] or red Event and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.
[Activate: Main] You may trash this Character: Give up to 2 rested DON!! cards to your Leader or 1 of your Characters.

---

## Monkey.D.Luffy
**OP12-015**

If you have a total of 2 or more given DON!! cards, this Character gains +2000 power.
[On Play] You may reveal 2 Events from your hand: Play up to 1 red Character card with 3000 power or less from your hand. Then, give up to 1 rested DON!! card to your Leader or 1 of your Characters.

---

## To Never Doubt--That Is Power!
**OP12-016**

[Main] You may give 2 active DON!! cards to 1 of your [Silvers Rayleigh]: Your opponent cannot activate [Blocker] when the card given these DON!! cards attacks during this turn.
[Counter] Up to 1 of your Characters or [Silvers Rayleigh] gains +2000 power during this battle.

---

## Color of Observation Haki
**OP12-017**

[Main] You may give 1 active DON!! card to 1 of your [Silvers Rayleigh]: Look at 4 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 red Event or up to 1 Character card with a cost of 3 or more and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Color of the Supreme King Haki
**OP12-018**

[Counter] Up to 1 of your Characters or [Silvers Rayleigh] gains +2000 power during this battle. Then, you may rest 1 of your DON!! cards. If you do, give your opponent's Leader and all of their Characters −1000 power during this turn.

---

## Color of Arms Haki
**OP12-019**

[Main] You may give 1 active DON!! card to 1 of your [Silvers Rayleigh]: Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +1000 power during this turn.
[Counter] Up to 1 of your Characters or [Silvers Rayleigh] gains +2000 power during this battle.

---

## Roronoa Zoro
**OP12-020**

[DON!! x3] [Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] If this Leader battles your opponent's Character during this turn, set this Leader as active. Then, this Leader cannot attack your opponent's Characters with a base cost of 7 or less during this turn.

---

## Ipponmatsu
**OP12-021**

If your Leader has the  attribute and you have 6 or more rested DON!! cards, this Character cannot be rested by your opponent's effects.
[Blocker]

---

## Inuarashi
**OP12-022**

[Activate: Main] You may rest this Character: Up to 1 of your opponent's rested Characters with a cost of 5 or less will not become active in your opponent's next Refresh Phase.

---

## Gyukimaru
**OP12-024**

If this Character is active, this Character cannot be K.O.'d by your opponent's effects.
[When Attacking] If you have a total of 3 or more given DON!! cards, rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a base cost of 6 or less.

---

## Kuina
**OP12-026**

[Activate: Main] You may rest this Character: Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a base cost of 4 or less. Then, give up to 3 rested DON!! cards to your [Roronoa Zoro] Leader.

---

## Koushirou
**OP12-027**

If your  attribute Character with a cost of 5 or less other than this Character would be K.O.'d by your opponent's effect, you may rest this Character instead.
[Blocker]

---

## Kouzuki Hiyori
**OP12-028**

[Activate: Main] You may rest 1 of your DON!! cards and this Character: If your Leader is [Roronoa Zoro], look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1  attribute card or green Event and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Shimotsuki Kouzaburou
**OP12-029**

[On Play] Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 2 or less. Then, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's rested Characters with a base cost of 1 or less.

---

## Dracule Mihawk
**OP12-030**

[Blocker]
[On Play] Set up to 4 of your DON!! cards as active. Then, you cannot play Character cards with a base cost of 7 or more during this turn.

---

## Tashigi
**OP12-031**

[On Play] Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a base cost of 6 or less. Then, give up to 3 rested DON!! cards to your [Roronoa Zoro] Leader.

---

## Helmeppo
**OP12-033**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Block] Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 5 or less.

---

## Perona
**OP12-034**

[On Play] If your Leader has the  attribute, look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1  attribute card or green Event and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Roronoa Zoro
**OP12-036**

This card in your hand cannot be played by effects.
If your Leader has the  attribute, this Character cannot be K.O.'d in battle by  attribute cards and gains +1000 power.

---

## Demon Aura Nine Sword Style Asura Blades Drawn Dead Man's Game
**OP12-037**

[Main] You may rest 3 of your DON!! cards: Rest up to a total of 2 of your opponent's Characters or DON!! cards.
[Counter] Your Leader gains +3000 power during this battle.

---

## Two-Sword Style Rashomon
**OP12-038**

[Main] You may rest 2 of your DON!! cards: K.O. up to 2 of your opponent's rested Characters with a base cost of 4 or less.
[Counter] Your Leader gains +3000 power during this battle.

---

## Luffy Is the Man Who Will Become the King of Pirates!!!
**OP12-039**

[Main] Set your [Roronoa Zoro] Leader as active.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +1000 power during this turn.

---

## Kuzan
**OP12-040**

When a card is trashed from your hand by your {Navy} type card's effect, draw cards equal to the number of cards trashed.

---

## Sanji
**OP12-041**

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] DON!! −1: Activate up to 1 {Straw Hat Crew} type Event with a base cost of 3 or less from your hand.
[When Attacking] If the number of DON!! cards on your field is equal to or less than the number on your opponent's field, add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and rest it.

---

## Alvida
**OP12-042**

If you have 2 or more Characters with a base cost of 5 or more, this Character gains +1 cost.
[On Play] Place up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a base cost of 1 or less at the bottom of the owner's deck.

---

## Kuzan
**OP12-043**

If you have 5 or more cards in your hand, this Character gains +1 cost.
[On Play] You may trash 1 card from your hand: Up to 1 of your opponent's Characters cannot attack until the end of your opponent's next End Phase.

---

## Sakazuki
**OP12-044**

[On Play] If your Leader has the {Navy} type, draw 2 cards.
[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] You may trash 1 card from your hand: Give up to 1 rested DON!! card to your Leader or 1 of your Characters.

---

## Zephyr(Navy)
**OP12-046**

[On Play] Trash 2 cards from your hand.
[Activate: Main] You may trash this Character: Return up to 1 Character with a cost of 5 or less to the owner's hand.

---

## Sengoku
**OP12-047**

[On Play] You may trash 1 card from your hand: Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 2 {Navy} type cards other than [Sengoku] and add them to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Donquixote Rosinante
**OP12-048**

[Opponent's Turn] If your blue {Navy} type Character would be removed from the field by your opponent's effect, you may rest this Character and trash 1 card from your hand instead.

---

## Jaguar.D.Saul
**OP12-050**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## Hina
**OP12-051**

[Activate: Main] You may rest this Character and trash 1 card from your hand: Up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a base cost of 4 or less cannot activate [Blocker] during this turn.

---

## Borsalino
**OP12-053**

[Once Per Turn] If this Character would be removed from the field by your opponent's effect, you may trash 1 card from your hand instead.
[Opponent's Turn] If your Leader has the {Navy} type, this Character gains [Blocker] and +1000 power.

---

## Marshall.D.Teach
**OP12-054**

[On Play] If your Leader has the {The Seven Warlords of the Sea} type, return up to 1 Character with a cost of 1 or less other than this Character to the owner's hand.

---

## Monkey.D.Garp
**OP12-056**

[On Play] You may trash 1 card from your hand: Play up to 1 blue {Navy} type Character card with 8000 power or less other than [Monkey.D.Garp] from your hand.

---

## Ice Block Pheasant Peck
**OP12-057**

[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +4000 power during this battle. Then, trash 1 card from your hand.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] You may trash 1 card from your hand: Draw 1 card.

---

## I Will Make Whitebeard the King of the Pirates
**OP12-058**

[Main] If your Leader's type includes "Whitebeard Pirates", reveal 1 card from the top of your deck. If that card is a Character card with a type including "Whitebeard Pirates" and a cost of 9 or less, you may play that card. If you do, that Character gains [Rush] during this turn.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Draw 1 card.

---

## Concasser
**OP12-059**

[Main] If your Leader is [Sanji], draw 1 card.
[Counter] If you have 4 or more Events in your trash, up to 1 of your Leader gains +4000 power during this battle.

---

## Boeuf Burst
**OP12-060**

[Main] If your Leader is multicolored, choose one:
• Return up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 4 or less to the owner's hand.
• If you have 6 or less cards in your hand, draw 2 cards.

---

## Donquixote Rosinante
**OP12-061**

[Once Per Turn] If your [Trafalgar Law] would be K.O.'d, you may add 1 card from the top of your Life cards to your hand instead.
[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] DON!! −1: The next time you play [Trafalgar Law] with a cost of 4 or more from your hand during this turn, the cost will be reduced by 2.

---

## Vinsmoke Sora
**OP12-062**

[On Play] If your Leader is [Sanji] and the number of DON!! cards on your field is equal to or less than the number on your opponent's field, add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and rest it. Then, draw 1 card.

---

## Vinsmoke Reiju
**OP12-063**

If you have 4 or more Events in your trash, this Character gains +2000 power and +5 cost.
[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## Emporio.Ivankov
**OP12-065**

If you have 4 or more Events in your trash, this Character gains [Blocker].
[On K.O.] Add up to 1 Event from your trash to your hand.

---

## Carne
**OP12-066**

If you have 4 or more Events in your trash, this Character gains [Blocker].
(After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## Crocodile
**OP12-069**

[On Your Opponent's Attack] [Once Per Turn] DON!! −1: If your Leader's type includes "Baroque Works", up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +2000 power during this battle.

---

## Sanji
**OP12-070**

This Character gains +1000 power for every 5 Events in your trash.
If this Character would be removed from the field by your opponent's effect, you may return 1 DON!! card from your field to your DON!! deck instead.

---

## Charlotte Pudding
**OP12-071**

[On Play] Look at 4 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 [Sanji] or Event card and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Zeff
**OP12-072**

When a DON!! card on your field is returned to your DON!! deck, if your Leader is [Sanji], this Character gains [Rush] during this turn.
(This card can attack on the turn in which it is played.)

---

## Trafalgar Law
**OP12-073**

[On Play] If the number of DON!! cards on your field is equal to or less than the number on your opponent's field, add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and set it as active. Then, all of your [Donquixote Rosinante] and {Heart Pirates} type Characters gain +1000 power until the end of your opponent's next End Phase.

---

## Patty
**OP12-074**

[On Play] You may trash 1 Event from your hand: If your Leader is [Sanji], add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and set it as active.

---

## Ms. All Sunday
**OP12-075**

[On Play] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 3 or less. Then, your opponent may add 1 DON!! card from their DON!! deck and set it as active.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] DON!! −1: Play this card.

---

## The "Extinguishes All Sound Created by Your Influence" Technique
**OP12-077**

[Main] Select up to 1 of your [Trafalgar Law] cards and that card gains +2000 power during this turn. Then, if the selected card attacks during this turn, your opponent cannot activate [Blocker].

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Draw 1 card.

---

## Brochette Blow
**OP12-078**

[Main] If the number of DON!! cards on your field is equal to or less than the number on your opponent's field, draw 1 card. Then, give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −3000 power during this turn.

---

## Luffy Is the Man Who Will Be King of the Pirates!!!
**OP12-079**

[Main] If your Leader is [Sanji], look at 3 cards from the top of your deck and add up to 1 card to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Baratie
**OP12-080**

[Activate: Main] You may place this Stage at the bottom of the owner's deck: If your Leader is [Sanji], look at 3 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 Event and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Play this card.

---

## Koala
**OP12-081**

When this Leader attacks your opponent's Leader, if you have 2 or more Characters with a cost of 8 or more, draw 1 card.
[Once Per Turn] This effect can be activated when your opponent plays a Character with a base cost of 8 or more, or when your opponent plays a Character using a Character's effect. Your opponent adds 1 card from the top of their Life cards to their hand.

---

## Emporio.Ivankov
**OP12-084**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Play] If your Leader has the {Revolutionary Army} type, trash 3 cards from the top of your deck.

---

## Karasu
**OP12-085**

If your Leader has the {Revolutionary Army} type, this Character gains +3 cost.
[When Attacking] If your Leader has the {Revolutionary Army} type and your opponent has 5 or more cards in their hand, your opponent trashes 1 card from their hand.

---

## Koala
**OP12-086**

[On Play] If your Leader has the {Revolutionary Army} type, look at 3 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Revolutionary Army} type card other than [Koala] or up to 1 [Nico Robin] and add it to your hand. Then, trash the rest.

---

## Nico Robin
**OP12-087**

If your Leader is [Koala] or [Monkey.D.Luffy], this Character gains [Blocker] and +3 cost.
[On Play] You may trash 1 card from your hand: If your opponent has 5 or more cards in their hand, your opponent trashes 2 cards from their hand.

---

## Hack
**OP12-089**

If your Leader has the {Revolutionary Army} type, this Character gains [Blocker] and +4 cost.
[On K.O.] If your Leader has the {Revolutionary Army} type, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a base cost of 4 or less.

---

## Belo Betty
**OP12-090**

[When Attacking] You may trash 2 cards from the top of your deck: Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −2 cost during this turn.

---

## Poker
**OP12-091**

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] You may place 3 cards from your trash at the bottom of your deck in any order: Up to 2 of your {SMILE} type Characters gain +2000 power during this turn.

---

## Morley
**OP12-093**

If your Leader has the {Revolutionary Army} type, this Character gains +4 cost.

---

## Monkey.D.Dragon
**OP12-094**

[On Play] You may place 3 {Revolutionary Army} type cards from your trash at the bottom of your deck in any order: If your Leader has the {Revolutionary Army} type, play up to 1 Character card with a cost of 6 or less from your trash.

---

## Lindbergh
**OP12-095**

If your Leader has the {Revolutionary Army} type, this Character gains +4 cost.
[On Play] Draw 1 card and trash 1 card from your hand.

---

## Ursa Shock
**OP12-096**

[Main] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 4 or less. If you have a Character with a cost of 8 or more, you may select your opponent's Character with a cost of 6 or less instead.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Draw 1 card and trash 1 card from the top of your deck.

---

## Captains Assembled
**OP12-097**

[Main] Look at 3 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Revolutionary Army} type card other than [Captains Assembled] and add it to your hand. Then, trash the rest.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Main] effect.

---

## Hair Removal Fist
**OP12-098**

[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +2000 power during this battle. Then, if you have a {Revolutionary Army} type Character with a cost of 8 or more, that card gains an additional +2000 power during this battle.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Draw 1 card and trash 1 card from the top of your deck.

---

## Kalgara
**OP12-099**

[Your Turn] When a card is removed from your or your opponent's Life cards, draw 1 card. Then, you cannot draw cards using your own effects during this turn.

---

## Sabo
**OP12-100**

If you have 3 or less Life cards, this Character gains [Blocker] and +3 cost.
[On Play] You may add 1 card from the top of your Life cards to your hand: Draw 2 cards and trash 1 card from your hand.

---

## Jewelry Bonney
**OP12-101**

[Activate: Main] You may rest this Character: Your {Supernovas} type Leader gains +1000 power until the end of your opponent's next turn.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] If your Leader has the {Supernovas} type, play this card.

---

## Shirahoshi
**OP12-102**

If your Character with a base cost of 6 or less would be removed from the field by your opponent's effect, you may turn 1 card from the top of your Life cards face-up instead.
[Opponent's Turn] If you have no other [Shirahoshi] with a base cost of 2, all of your {Neptunian} type Characters gain +2000 power.

---

## Trafalgar Lammy
**OP12-105**

[Your Turn] [On Play] Up to 1 of your [Trafalgar Law] cards gains +2000 power during this turn.

---

## Trafalgar Law
**OP12-106**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## Donquixote Doflamingo
**OP12-107**

If you have 2 or less Life cards, this Character gains [Rush].
(This card can attack on the turn in which it is played.)
[Opponent's Turn] [On K.O.] Add up to 1 card from the top of your deck to the top of your Life cards.

---

## Donquixote Rosinante
**OP12-108**

[On Play] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 [Trafalgar Law] and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Roronoa Zoro
**OP12-113**

[On K.O.] If your Leader has the {Supernovas} type, play up to 1 {Supernovas} type Character card with a cost of 4 or less from your hand rested.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 1 or less and add this card to your hand.

---

## I Love You!!
**OP12-115**

[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +2000 power during this battle. Then, if you have 2 or less Life cards, add up to 1 [Trafalgar Law] from your trash to your hand.

---

## We'll Ring the Bell Waiting for You!!
**OP12-116**

[Main] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal a total of up to 2 {Shandian Warrior} type Character cards or [Mont Blanc Noland] and add them to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Draw 1 card.

---

## Slam Gibson
**OP12-117**

[Main] You may rest 5 of your DON!! cards: If your Leader has the {Supernovas} type, add up to 1 Character with a cost of 9 or less to the top or bottom of the owner's Life cards face-down.
[Counter] Your Leader gains +3000 power during this battle.

---

## Jewelry Bonney
**OP12-118**

[Blocker]
[On Play] If you have 8 or more rested cards, draw 2 cards and trash 1 card from your hand. Then, set up to 1 of your DON!! cards as active.

---

## Bartholomew Kuma
**OP12-119**

[On Play] You may trash 1 card from your hand: Add up to 1 card from the top of your deck to the top of your Life cards. Then, this Character gains +2 cost until the end of your opponent's next End Phase.
[Opponent's Turn] [On K.O.] Add up to 1 card from the top of your deck to the top of your Life cards.

---
