# ST-01

## Monkey.D.Luffy
**ST01-001**

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] Give this Leader or 1 of your Characters up to 1 rested DON!! card.

---

## Usopp
**ST01-002**

[DON!! x2] [When Attacking] Your opponent cannot activate a [Blocker] Character that has 5000 or more power during this battle.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Play this card.

---

## Sanji
**ST01-004**

[DON!! x2] This Character gains [Rush].
(This card can attack on the turn in which it is played.)

---

## Jinbe
**ST01-005**

[DON!! x1] [When Attacking] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards other than this card gains +1000 power during this turn.

---

## Tony Tony.Chopper
**ST01-006**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## Nami
**ST01-007**

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] Give up to 1 rested DON!! card to your Leader or 1 of your Characters.

---

## Brook
**ST01-011**

[On Play] Give up to 2 rested DON!! cards to your Leader or 1 of your Characters.

---

## Monkey.D.Luffy
**ST01-012**

[Rush] (This card can attack on the turn in which it is played.)
[DON!! x2] [When Attacking] Your opponent cannot activate [Blocker] during this battle.

---

## Roronoa Zoro
**ST01-013**

[DON!! x1] This Character gains +1000 power.

---

## Guard Point
**ST01-014**

[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +3000 power during this battle.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +1000 power during this turn.

---

## Gum-Gum Jet Pistol
**ST01-015**

[Main] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 6000 power or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Main] effect.

---

## Diable Jambe
**ST01-016**

[Main] Select up to 1 of your {Straw Hat Crew} type Leader or Character cards. Your opponent cannot activate [Blocker] if that Leader or Character attacks during this turn.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's [Blocker] Characters with a cost of 3 or less.

---

## Thousand Sunny
**ST01-017**

[Activate: Main] You may rest this Stage: Up to 1 {Straw Hat Crew} type Leader or Character card on your field gains +1000 power during this turn.

---
