# ST-02

## Eustass"Captain"Kid
**ST02-001**

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn]  ③ (You may rest the specified number of DON!! cards in your cost area.) You may trash 1 card from your hand: Set this Leader as active.

---

## Urouge
**ST02-003**

[DON!! x1] If you have 3 or more Characters, this card gains +2000 power.

---

## Capone"Gang"Bege
**ST02-004**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## Killer
**ST02-005**

[On Play] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's rested Characters with a cost of 3 or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Play this card.

---

## Jewelry Bonney
**ST02-007**

[Activate: Main] ➀ (You may rest the specified number of DON!! cards in your cost area.) You may rest this Character: Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Supernovas} type card and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Scratchmen Apoo
**ST02-008**

[DON!! x1] [When Attacking] Rest up to 1 of your opponent's DON!! cards.

---

## Trafalgar Law
**ST02-009**

[On Play] Set up to 1 of your {Supernovas} or {Heart Pirates} type rested Characters with a cost of 5 or less as active.

---

## Basil Hawkins
**ST02-010**

[DON!! x1] [Once Per Turn] [Your Turn] If this Character battles your opponent's Character, set this card as active.

---

## Eustass"Captain"Kid
**ST02-013**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[DON!! x1] [End of Your Turn] Set this Character as active.

---

## X.Drake
**ST02-014**

[DON!! x1] [Your Turn] If this Character is rested, your {Supernovas} or {Navy} type Leaders and Characters gain +1000 power.

---

## Scalpel
**ST02-015**

[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +2000 power during this battle. Then, set up to 1 of your DON!! cards as active.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Set up to 2 of your DON!! cards as active.

---

## Repel
**ST02-016**

[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +4000 power during this battle. Then, set up to 1 of your DON!! cards as active.

---

## Straw Sword
**ST02-017**

[Main] Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Play up to 1 {Supernovas} type card with a cost of 2 or less from your hand.

---
