# ST-08

## Monkey.D.Luffy
**ST08-001** · Leader · Black

[Your Turn] When a Character is K.O.'d, give up to 1 rested DON!! card to this Leader.

---

## Uta
**ST08-002** · Character · Black

This Character cannot be K.O.'d in battle by Leaders.
[Activate: Main] You may rest this Character: Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −2 cost during this turn.

---

## Koby
**ST08-004** · Character · Black

[Activate: Main] You may rest this Character: K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 2 or less.

---

## Shanks
**ST08-005** · Character · Black

[On Play] You may trash 1 card from your hand: K.O. all Characters with a cost of 1 or less.

---

## Shirahoshi
**ST08-006** · Character · Black

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Play] Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −4 cost during this turn.

---

## Nefeltari Vivi
**ST08-007** · Character · Black

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Play this card.

---

## Higuma
**ST08-008** · Character · Black

[On Play] Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −2 cost during this turn.

---

## Makino
**ST08-009** · Character · Black

[On Play] If there is a Character with a cost of 0, draw 1 card.

---

## Mr.2.Bon.Kurei(Bentham)
**ST08-013** · Character · Black

[DON!! x1] At the end of a battle in which this Character battles your opponent's Character, you may K.O. the opponent’s Character you battled with. If you do, K.O. this Character.

---

## Gum-Gum Bell
**ST08-014** · Event · Black

[Main] You may add 1 card from the top of your Life cards to your hand: Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −7 cost during this turn.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Add up to 1 black Character card with a cost of 2 or less from your trash to your hand.

---

## Gum-Gum Pistol
**ST08-015** · Event · Black

[Main] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 2 or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Draw 1 card.

---
