# ST-04

## Kaido
**ST04-001**

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] DON!! −7 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): Trash up to 1 of your opponent's Life cards.

---

## Ulti
**ST04-002**

[On Play] DON!! −1 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): Play up to 1 [Page One] card with a cost of 4 or less from your hand.

---

## Kaido
**ST04-003**

[On Play] DON!! −5 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 6 or less. This Character gains [Rush] during this turn.
(This card can attack on the turn in which it is played.)

---

## King
**ST04-004**

[On Play] DON!! −1 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 4 or less.

---

## Queen
**ST04-005**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Play] DON!! −1 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): Draw 2 cards and trash 1 card from your hand.

---

## Sasaki
**ST04-006**

[On Play] DON!! −1 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): Draw 1 card.

---

## Jack
**ST04-008**

[On Play] You may trash 1 card from your hand: Add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and set it as active.

---

## Who's.Who
**ST04-010**

[On Play] DON!! −1 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 3 or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Play this card.

---

## Black Maria
**ST04-011**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## Lead Performer "Disaster"
**ST04-014**

[Main] Draw 1 card, then add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and set it as active.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Main] effect.

---

## Brachio Bomber
**ST04-015**

[Main] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 6 or less, then add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and set it as active.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and set it as active.

---

## Blast Breath
**ST04-016**

[Counter] DON!! −1 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +4000 power during this battle.

---

## Onigashima Island
**ST04-017**

[Activate: Main] You may rest this Stage: If your Leader has the {Animal Kingdom Pirates} type, add up to 1 DON!! card from your DON!! deck and rest it.

---
