# ST-09

## Yamato
**ST09-001**

[DON!! x1] [Opponent's Turn] If you have 2 or less Life cards, this Leader gains +1000 power.

---

## Kaido
**ST09-004**

[DON!! x1] If you have 2 or less Life cards, this Character cannot be K.O.'d in battle.

---

## Kouzuki Oden
**ST09-005**

[DON!! x1] This Character gains [Double Attack].
(This card deals 2 damage.)
[On K.O.] You may trash 2 cards from your hand: Add up to 1 card from the top of your deck to the top of your Life cards.

---

## Shinobu
**ST09-007**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Block] You may add 1 card from the top or bottom of your Life cards to your hand: This Character gains +4000 power during this battle.

---

## Shimotsuki Ushimaru
**ST09-008**

[DON!! x1] [When Attacking] You may add 1 card from the top or bottom of your Life cards to your hand: Play up to 1 yellow {Land of Wano} type Character card with a cost of 4 or less from your hand.

---

## Portgas.D.Ace
**ST09-010**

[Once Per Turn] If this Character would be K.O.'d, you may trash 1 card from the top or bottom of your Life cards instead.

---

## Yamato
**ST09-012**

[When Attacking] You may add 1 card from the top or bottom of your Life cards to your hand: This Character gains +2000 power until the start of your next turn.

---

## Narikabura Arrow
**ST09-014**

[Counter] If you have 2 or less Life cards, give up to 1 of your opponent's Leader or Character cards −3000 power during this turn.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] You may trash 2 cards from your hand: Add up to 1 card from the top of your deck to the top of your Life cards.

---

## Thunder Bagua
**ST09-015**

[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +4000 power during this battle. Then, if you have 2 or less Life cards, add up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 3 or less to the top or bottom of the owner's Life cards face-up.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Draw 1 card.

---
