# ST-03

## Crocodile
**ST03-001**

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] DON!! −4 (You may return the specified number of DON!! cards from your field to your DON!! deck.): Return up to 1 Character with a cost of 5 or less to the owner's hand.

---

## Crocodile
**ST03-003**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[DON!! x1] [On Block] Place up to 1 Character with a cost of 2 or less at the bottom of the owner's deck.

---

## Gecko Moria
**ST03-004**

[On Play] Add up to 1 {The Seven Warlords of the Sea} or {Thriller Bark Pirates} type Character with a cost of 4 or less other than [Gecko Moria] from your trash to your hand.

---

## Dracule Mihawk
**ST03-005**

[DON!! x1] [When Attacking] Draw 2 cards and trash 2 cards from your hand.

---

## Sentomaru
**ST03-007**

[DON!! x1] [Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] ➁ (You may rest the specified number of DON!! cards in your cost area.): Play up to 1 [Pacifista] with a cost of 4 or less from your deck, then shuffle your deck.

---

## Trafalgar Law
**ST03-008**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## Donquixote Doflamingo
**ST03-009**

[On Play] Return up to 1 Character with a cost of 7 or less to the owner's hand.

---

## Bartholomew Kuma
**ST03-010**

[On Play] Look at 3 cards from the top of your deck and return them to the top or bottom of the deck in any order.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Play this card.

---

## Boa Hancock
**ST03-013**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Play this card.

---

## Marshall.D.Teach
**ST03-014**

[On Play] Return up to 1 Character with a cost of 3 or less to the owner's hand.

---

## Sables
**ST03-015**

[Main] Return up to 1 Character with a cost of 7 or less to the owner's hand.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Main] effect.

---

## Thrust Pad Cannon
**ST03-016**

[Counter] Return up to 1 Character with a cost of 3 or less to the owner's hand.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Counter] effect.

---

## Love-Love Mellow
**ST03-017**

[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +4000 power during this battle. Then, draw 1 card if you have 3 or less cards in your hand.

---
