# ST-06

## Sakazuki
**ST06-001**

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] ③ (You may rest the specified number of DON!! cards in your cost area.) You may trash 1 card from your hand: K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 0.

---

## Koby
**ST06-002**

[On Play] You may trash 1 card from your hand: K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 0.

---

## Smoker
**ST06-004**

This Character cannot be K.O.'d by effects.
[DON!! x1] If there is a Character with a cost of 0, this Character gains [Double Attack].
(This card deals 2 damage.)

---

## Sengoku
**ST06-005**

[When Attacking] Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −4 cost during this turn.

---

## Tashigi
**ST06-006**

[Activate: Main] You may rest this Character: Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −2 cost during this turn.

---

## Tsuru
**ST06-007**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## Hina
**ST06-008**

[On Play] Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −4 cost during this turn.

---

## Helmeppo
**ST06-010**

[On Play] Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −3 cost during this turn.

---

## Monkey.D.Garp
**ST06-012**

[Activate: Main] You may trash 1 card from your hand and rest this Character: K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 4 or less.

---

## Shockwave
**ST06-014**

[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +4000 power during this battle. Then, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's active Characters with a cost of 3 or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 4 or less.

---

## Great Eruption
**ST06-015**

[Main] Draw 1 card. Then, give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −2 cost during this turn.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Your opponent chooses 1 card from their hand and trashes it.

---

## White Out
**ST06-016**

[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +2000 power during this battle.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Draw 1 card and none of your Characters can be K.O.'d during this turn.

---

## Navy HQ
**ST06-017**

[On Play] Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −1 cost during this turn.
[Activate: Main] You may rest this Stage: If your Leader has the {Navy} type, give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −1 cost during this turn.

---
