# ST-13

## Sabo
**ST13-001**

[DON!! x1] [Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] You may add 1 of your Characters with a cost of 3 or more and 7000 power or more to the top of your Life cards face-up: Up to 1 of your Characters gains +2000 power until the start of your next turn.

---

## Portgas.D.Ace
**ST13-002**

[DON!! x2] [Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck and add up to 1 Character card with a cost of 5 to the top of your Life cards face-up. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.
[End of Your Turn] Trash all your face-up Life cards.

---

## Monkey.D.Luffy
**ST13-003**

Your face-up Life cards are placed at the bottom of your deck instead of being added to your hand, according to the rules.
[DON!! x2] [Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] You may trash 1 card from your hand: If you have 0 Life cards, add up to 2 Character cards with a cost of 5 from your hand or trash to the top of your Life cards face-up.

---

## Edward.Newgate
**ST13-004**

[On Play] Add 1 card from the top of your deck to the top of your Life cards. Then, look at all your Life cards; place 1 card at the top of your deck and place the rest back in your Life area in any order.

---

## Emporio.Ivankov
**ST13-005**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Play] You may trash 1 card from the top or bottom of your Life cards: Reveal up to 1 Character card with a cost of 5 from your hand and add it to the top of your Life cards face-down.

---

## Curly.Dadan
**ST13-006**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Play] Play up to 1 each of [Sabo], [Portgas.D.Ace], and [Monkey.D.Luffy] with a cost of 2 from your hand.

---

## Sabo
**ST13-007**

[Activate: Main] You may trash this Character: Reveal 1 card from the top of your Life cards. If that card is a [Sabo] with a cost of 5, you may play that card. If you do, up to 1 of your Leader gains +2000 power until the end of your opponent's next turn.

---

## Sabo
**ST13-008**

[On Play] You may trash 1 card from the top or bottom of your Life cards: K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 5 or less.

---

## Shanks
**ST13-009**

[On Play] You may turn 1 of your face-up Life cards face-down: If your opponent has 7 or more cards in their hand, trash up to 1 card from the top of your opponent's Life cards.

---

## Portgas.D.Ace
**ST13-010**

[Activate: Main] You may trash this Character: Reveal 1 card from the top of your Life cards. If that card is a [Portgas.D.Ace] with a cost of 5, you may play that card. If you do, up to 1 of your Leader gains +2000 power until the end of your opponent's next turn.

---

## Portgas.D.Ace
**ST13-011**

[On Play] If you have 2 or less Life cards, this Character gains [Rush].
(This card can attack on the turn in which it is played.)

---

## Makino
**ST13-012**

[On Play] You may add 1 card from the top or bottom of your Life cards to your hand: Look at all of your Life cards and place them back in your Life area in any order.

---

## Monkey.D.Garp
**ST13-013**

[On Play] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 [Sabo], [Portgas.D.Ace], or [Monkey.D.Luffy] with a cost of 5 or less and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

---

## Monkey.D.Luffy
**ST13-014**

[Activate: Main] You may trash this Character: Reveal 1 card from the top of your Life cards. If that card is a [Monkey.D.Luffy] with a cost of 5, you may play that card. If you do, up to 1 of your Leader gains +2000 power until the end of your opponent's next turn.

---

## Monkey.D.Luffy
**ST13-015**

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] This Character gains +2000 power until the start of your next turn. Then, if you have 1 or more Life cards, draw 1 card and trash 1 card from the top of your Life cards.

---

## Yamato
**ST13-016**

[Rush] (This card can attack on the turn in which it is played.)
[On Play] Look at all your Life cards; place 1 at the top of your deck and place the rest back in your Life area in any order.

---

## Flame Dragon King
**ST13-017**

[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +4000 power during this battle. Then, look at all your Life cards and place them back in your Life area in any order.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] You may add 1 card from the top or bottom of your Life cards to your hand: Add up to 1 card from your hand to the top of your Life cards.

---

## Gum-Gum Jet Spear
**ST13-018**

[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +2000 power during this battle. Then, if you have 0 Life cards, draw 1 card.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] You may add 1 card from the top or bottom of your Life cards to your hand: Add up to 1 card from your hand to the top of your Life cards.

---

## The Three Brothers' Bond
**ST13-019**

[Main] Look at 5 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 [Sabo], [Portgas.D.Ace], or [Monkey.D.Luffy] with a cost of 5 or less and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Main] effect.

---
