# ST-14

## Monkey.D.Luffy
**ST14-001** · Leader · Black

[DON!! x1] All of your Characters gain +1 cost. If you have a Character with a cost of 8 or more, this Leader gains +1000 power.

---

## Usopp
**ST14-002** · Character · Black

[DON!! x1] [When Attacking] If you have a Character with a cost of 8 or more, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 4 or less.

---

## Sanji
**ST14-003** · Character · Black

[On Play] If you have a Character with a cost of 6 or more, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 5 or less.

---

## Jinbe
**ST14-004** · Character · Black

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] Up to 1 of your black {Straw Hat Crew} type Characters gains +2 cost until the end of your opponent's next turn.

---

## Nami
**ST14-006** · Character · Black

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Play] If you have 6 or less cards in your hand and a Character with a cost of 8 or more, draw 1 card.

---

## Nico Robin
**ST14-007** · Character · Black

[On Play]/[When Attacking] If you have a Character with a cost of 8 or more, give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −5 cost during this turn.

---

## Haredas
**ST14-008** · Character · Black

[Activate: Main] You may rest this Character: Up to 1 of your black {Straw Hat Crew} type Characters gains +2 cost until the end of your opponent's next turn. Then, if you have a Character with a cost of 8 or more, draw 1 card and trash 1 card from your hand.

---

## Franky
**ST14-009** · Character · Black

[DON!! x1] [Opponent's Turn] If you have a Character with a cost of 6 or more, this Character cannot be K.O.'d by your opponent's effects and gains +2000 power.

---

## Heracles
**ST14-011** · Character · Black

[Activate: Main] You may rest this Character: Up to 1 of your black {Straw Hat Crew} type Characters gains +2 cost until the end of your opponent's next turn.

---

## Monkey.D.Luffy
**ST14-012** · Character · Black

If you have a Character with a cost of 10 or more, this Character gains [Rush].
(This card can attack on the turn in which it is played.)

---

## Gum-Gum Giant Rifle
**ST14-014** · Event · Black

[Counter] If you have a Character with a cost of 8 or more, up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +3000 power during this battle.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Add up to 1 of your Character cards with a cost of 2 or less from your trash to your hand.

---

## Gum-Gum Diable Three-Swords Style Mouten Jet Six Hundred Pound Phoenix Cannon
**ST14-015** · Event · Black

[Main] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +3000 power during this turn. Then, if you have a Character with a cost of 8 or more, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 2 or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] If you have a Character with a cost of 8 or more, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 5 or less.

---

## I Have My Crew!!
**ST14-016** · Event · Black

[Main] Draw 1 card. Then, up to 1 of your Characters gains +3 cost until the end of your opponent's next turn.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 3 or less.

---

## Thousand Sunny
**ST14-017** · Stage · Black

All of your black {Straw Hat Crew} type Characters gain +1 cost.
[On Play] If your Leader has the {Straw Hat Crew} type, draw 1 card.

---
