# ST-12

## Roronoa Zoro & Sanji
**ST12-001**

[DON!! x1] [When Attacking] [Once Per Turn] You may return 1 of your Characters with a cost of 2 or more to the owner's hand: Set up to 1 of your Characters with 7000 power or less as active.

---

## Kuina
**ST12-002**

[Activate: Main] You may rest this Character: Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 4 or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Play this card.

---

## Dracule Mihawk
**ST12-003**

[On Play] If you have 2 or less Characters, play up to 1 {Muggy Kingdom} type or  attribute Character card with a cost of 4 or less other than [Dracule Mihawk] from your hand rested.

---

## Yosaku & Johnny
**ST12-006**

[DON!! x1] [When Attacking] Choose one:
• Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 2 or less.
• K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's rested Characters with a cost of 2 or less.

---

## Rika
**ST12-007**

[On Play] ➁ (You may rest the specified number of DON!! cards in your cost area.): If your opponent has 3 or more Life cards, set up to 1 of your  attribute Characters with a cost of 4 or less as active.

---

## Roronoa Zoro
**ST12-008**

[DON!! x1] [When Attacking] Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 6 or less.

---

## Emporio.Ivankov
**ST12-010**

[On Play] Reveal 1 card from the top of your deck and play up to 1 Character card with a cost of 2. Then, place the rest at the top or bottom of your deck.
[When Attacking] [Once Per Turn] Draw 1 card if you have 6 or less cards in your hand.

---

## Sanji
**ST12-011**

[DON!! x1] [When Attacking] If you have 5 or less cards in your hand, this Character gains +2000 power until the start of your next turn.

---

## Charlotte Pudding
**ST12-012**

[Activate: Main] Return this Character to the owner's hand.

---

## Zeff
**ST12-013**

[On Play] Look at 3 cards from the top of your deck and place them at the top or bottom of the deck in any order.
[When Attacking] Reveal 1 card from the top of your deck and play up to 1 Character card with a cost of 2 rested. Then, place the rest at the top or bottom of your deck.

---

## Duval
**ST12-014**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)
[On Play] Look at 3 cards from the top of your deck and place them at the top or bottom of the deck in any order.

---

## Lion Strike
**ST12-016**

[Main]/[Counter] Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Leader or Character cards with a cost of 4 or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Main] effect.

---

## Plastic Surgery Shot
**ST12-017**

[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +2000 power during this battle. Then, reveal 1 card from the top of your deck, play up to 1 Character card with a cost of 2, and place the rest at the top or bottom of your deck.

---
