# ST-21

## Monkey.D.Luffy
**ST21-001** · Leader · Red

[DON!! x1] [Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] Give up to 2 rested DON!! cards to 1 of your Characters.

---

## Usopp
**ST21-002** · Character · Red

[DON!! x2] [Opponent's Turn] This Character gains +2000 power.

---

## Sanji
**ST21-003** · Character · Red

[On Play] Select up to 1 of your {Straw Hat Crew} type Characters with 6000 power or more. If the selected Character attacks during this turn, your opponent cannot activate [Blocker].

---

## Jewelry Bonney
**ST21-004** · Character · Red

[DON!! x2] [On K.O.] Draw 1 card.

---

## Sentomaru
**ST21-007** · Character · Red

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## Nami
**ST21-009** · Character · Red

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] Give up to 2 rested DON!! cards to 1 of your {Straw Hat Crew} type Leader or Character cards.

---

## Nico Robin
**ST21-010** · Character · Red

[DON!! x2] [When Attacking] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 4000 power or less.

---

## Franky
**ST21-011** · Character · Red

[DON!! x2] [Opponent's Turn] All of your {Straw Hat Crew} type Characters with 4000 base power or less gain +1000 power.

---

## Brook
**ST21-012** · Character · Red

[When Attacking] Give up to 2 rested DON!! cards to your Leader or 1 of your Characters.

---

## Monkey.D.Luffy
**ST21-014** · Character · Red

[Rush] (This card can attack on the turn in which it is played.)
[When Attacking] Give up to 1 rested DON!! card to your Leader or 1 of your Characters.

---

## Roronoa Zoro
**ST21-015** · Character · Red

[DON!! x2] This Character gains [Rush].
[On K.O.] Play up to 1 red Character card with 6000 power or less other than [Roronoa Zoro] from your hand.

---

## Gum-Gum Dawn Whip
**ST21-016** · Event · Red

[Main] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +1000 power during this turn. Then, up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 4000 power or less cannot activate [Blocker] during this turn.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 4000 power or less.

---

## Gum-Gum Mole Pistol
**ST21-017** · Event · Red

[Main] Give up to 1 of your opponent's Characters −5000 power during this turn. Then, if you have a Character with 6000 power or more, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with 2000 power or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Activate this card's [Main] effect.

---
