# ST-29

## Monkey.D.Luffy
**ST29-001**

[When Attacking] If you have 2 or less Life cards, draw 1 card and trash 1 card from your hand.

---

## Usopp
**ST29-002**

[On Play]/[When Attacking] Rest up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost equal to or less than the number of your opponent's Life cards.

---

## Kaku
**ST29-003**

If the number of your Life cards is equal to or less than the number of your opponent's Life cards, this Character gains +1000 power.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 3 or less.

---

## Sanji
**ST29-004**

[On Play] Look at 4 cards from the top of your deck; reveal up to 1 {Straw Hat Crew} type card and add it to your hand. Then, place the rest at the bottom of your deck in any order.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] You may trash 1 card from your hand: Play this card.

---

## Tony Tony.Chopper
**ST29-007**

[On K.O.] You may add 1 card from the top or bottom of your Life cards to your hand: Add up to 1 card from your hand to the top of your Life cards.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Up to 1 of your [Monkey.D.Luffy] cards gains +2000 power during this turn.

---

## Nami
**ST29-008**

If your {Egghead} type Character would be K.O.'d by your opponent's effect, you may turn 1 card from the top of your Life cards face-up instead.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] If your Leader is [Monkey.D.Luffy], play this card.

---

## Nico Robin
**ST29-009**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

**Trigger:** [Trigger] If your Leader is [Monkey.D.Luffy], play this card.

---

## Brook
**ST29-011**

[Blocker] (After your opponent declares an attack, you may rest this card to make it the new target of the attack.)

---

## Monkey.D.Luffy
**ST29-012**

[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] Give up to 1 rested DON!! card to 1 of your [Monkey.D.Luffy] cards.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Play this card.

---

## Roronoa Zoro
**ST29-014**

[Rush: Character] (This card can attack Characters on the turn in which it is played.)
[Activate: Main] [Once Per Turn] You may trash 1 card with a [Trigger] from your hand: Draw 1 card and give up to 1 rested DON!! card to your Leader or 1 of your Characters.

---

## Raw Heat Strike
**ST29-015**

[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +2000 power during this battle. Then, if you have 1 or less Life cards, give up to 1 of your opponent's Leader or Character cards −2000 power during this turn.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Draw 1 card.

---

## Kizaru!! Compared to Two Years Ago We're a Hundred Times Stronger Now!!
**ST29-016**

[Main] Your [Monkey.D.Luffy] Leader gains [Unblockable] during this turn.
(This card cannot be blocked.)
[Counter] Your Leader gains +3000 power during this battle.

---

## Iai Death Lion Song
**ST29-017**

[Counter] Up to 1 of your Leader or Character cards gains +4000 power during this battle. Then, if you have 2 or less Life cards, K.O. up to 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 3 or less.

**Trigger:** [Trigger] Draw 2 cards and trash 1 card from your hand.

---
