# Starter Decks ST-15 through ST-20


## ST15-004 — Thatch

**Q:** If my Leader's type includes "Whitebeard Pirates" but I have no Life cards or any Life cards to add to my hand, can I play this card?

**A:** Yes, you can. In this case, you can use the [On Play] effect to lower the power of 1 of your opponent's Characters, but you will not be able to add a Life card to your hand.

**Q:** My Leader is a Leader with the type "Whitebeard Pirates". If this Character's [On Play] effect does not give 1 of my opponent's Characters −2000 power, can I choose not to add 1 card from the top of my Life cards to my hand?

**A:** No, you cannot. Even if you do not give 1 of your opponent's Characters −2000 power, you must add 1 card from your Life cards to your hand if possible.


## ST16-002 — Gordon

**Q:** Can I use this [On Your Opponent's Attack] effect to trash 2 {Music} type cards from my hand to give 2 of my Characters +1000 power each?

**A:** No, you cannot.


## ST16-003 — Charlotte Katakuri

**Q:** If I have 6 rested cards, and those rested cards include this Character, does this Character gain +2000 power?

**A:** Yes, it will gain +2000 power.


## ST17-001 — Crocodile

**Q:** If I use this [On Play] effect to reveal 1 card from the top of my deck, and that card is a {The Seven Warlords of the Sea} type card, what happens to the revealed card?

**A:** In this case, the revealed card will count as one of the 2 cards you draw from your deck, and then you will place 1 card from your hand at the top of your deck.

**Q:** If I use this [On Play] effect to reveal 1 card from the top of my deck, and that card is not a {The Seven Warlords of the Sea} type card, what happens?

**A:** In this case, the revealed card is returned face-down to the top of your deck.


## ST17-002 — Trafalgar Law

**Q:** Can I use this [On Play] effect to return 1 of my Characters to my hand even if my Leader does not have the {The Seven Warlords of the Sea} type?

**A:** Yes, you can. In this case, you cannot return 1 of your opponent's Characters with a cost of 4 or less to their hand.


## ST18-002 — O-Nami

**Q:** If I have 0 cards in my hand but 8 or more DON!! cards on my field, can I use this [On Play] effect to draw 2 cards?

**A:** Yes, you can.


## ST19-003 — Tashigi

**Q:** Can a Character's [On K.O.] effect be activated when it is trashed by this [Activate: Main] effect?

**A:** No, it cannot.

**Q:** If my Leader is not [Smoker], can I still use this [Activate: Main] effect to trash up to 1 of my opponent's Characters with a cost of 0?

**A:** Yes, you can.


## ST19-004 — Hina

**Q:** If I have no cards in my trash, can I still use this [Activate: Main] effect to give up to 1 rested DON!! card to my Leader or 1 of my Characters?

**A:** No, you cannot.


## ST19-005 — Monkey.D.Garp

**Q:** If I have no cards in my trash, can I still use this [Activate: Main] effect to give up to 1 of my opponent's Characters −1 cost during this turn?

**A:** No, you cannot.


## ST20-001 — Charlotte Katakuri

**Q:** If the card at the top of my Life cards is already face-up, can I still use this [Activate: Main] effect to give up to 1 rested DON!! card to my Leader or 1 of my Characters?

**A:** No, you cannot.


## ST20-002 — Charlotte Cracker

**Q:** If I have no Life cards when this Character would be K.O.'d by an effect, can I still prevent this Character from being K.O.'d instead?

**A:** No, you cannot.


## ST20-005 — Charlotte Linlin

**Q:** If I activate this [On Play] effect and my opponent chooses "Your opponent trashes 2 cards from their hand", which player trashes 2 cards from their hand?

**A:** The player who did not activate this [On Play] effect will choose 2 cards from their hand and place them in their trash.

**Q:** If I activate this [On Play] effect and my opponent chooses "Trash 1 card from the top of your opponent's Life cards", which player trashes 1 card from their Life cards?

**A:** The player who did not activate this [On Play] effect will trash 1 card from the top of their Life cards.

**Q:** I activated this [On Play] effect when my opponent had no Life cards, and trashed 1 card from my hand. Can my opponent still choose "Trash 1 card from the top of your opponent's Life cards"?

**A:** Yes, they can. In this case, nothing will happen as they have no Life cards to trash.
