# Starter Decks ST-23 through ST-28


## ST23-001 — Uta

**Q:** If a Character has a base power of 9000 or less, but its power has been raised to 10000 or more by a DON!! card or other effect, can I still use this card's effect to give it −4 cost?

**A:** Yes, you can.

**Q:** If I have a Character with 10000 power or more, can I treat this Character as having a cost of 2 and use the effect of "OP01-047 Trafalgar Law" to play it?

**A:** Yes, you can.


## ST23-002 — Shanks

**Q:** My opponent used the effect of "OP04-069 Mr.2.Bon.Kurei(Bentham)" to raise its base power to 8000 or more. Can I use this card's effect to give this card −3 cost before playing it?

**A:** Yes, you can.


## ST24-002 — Kid & Killer

**Q:** I was attacked by my opponent's Character while I had no active DON!! cards, and used this Character's [On Your Opponent's Attack] effect to set 1 of my DON!! cards as active. Can I then rest that DON!! card to use the [On Your Opponent's Attack] effect of "OP07-019 Jewelry Bonney" during the same attack?

**A:** Yes, you can.

**Q:** If my opponent's Character attacks and uses its [When Attacking] effect to K.O. this Character, can I still activate this Character's [On Your Opponent's Attack] effect?

**A:** No, you cannot.


## ST24-004 — Law & Bepo

**Q:** I played this Character when my opponent had 2 rested Characters and no active Characters. In this case, can my Leader gain +2000 power with this [On Play] effect?

**A:** Yes, it can. In this case, up to 1 of your opponent's Characters will not become active in your opponent's next Refresh Phase, and your Leader gains +2000 power until the end of your opponent's next End Phase.


## ST24-005 — X.Drake

**Q:** Does this [On Play] effect set 1 of my DON!! cards as active before my [End of Your Turn] effects activate, or after?

**A:** In this case, this [On Play] effect will set 1 of your DON!! cards as active after all of your [End of Your Turn] effects have activated and resolved.

**Q:** At the end of a turn in which I activated the [Activate: Main] effect of "OP10-030 Smoker", which states "you cannot set DON!! cards as active using Character effects during this turn.", can I use this [On Play] effect to set 1 of my DON!! cards as active?

**A:** No, you cannot.


## ST25-003 — Crocodile & Mihawk

**Q:** If both this Character and another of my {Cross Guild} type Characters are K.O.'d at the same time while this Character is active, can I use this effect to trash 1 card from my hand instead?

**A:** Yes, you can. In this case, trashing 1 card from your hand will prevent both this Character and your other {Cross Guild} type Characters from being K.O.'d.


## ST26-001 — Soba Mask

**Q:** If I have a [Sanji] with 6000 base power or less on my field, does this card in my hand get −5 cost?

**A:** No, it does not. This effect allows you to give this card in your hand −5 cost if you have either a "[San-Gorou] with 7000 base power or more" or a "[Sanji] with 7000 base power or more" in your Character area.

**Q:** If I have both a [San-Gorou] with 7000 base power or more and a [Sanji] with 7000 base power or more on my field, can I give this card in my hand −10 cost?

**A:** No, you cannot. This effect allows you to give this card in your hand −5 cost if you have either a "[San-Gorou] with 7000 base power or more" or a "[Sanji] with 7000 base power or more" in your Character area.

**Q:** If I have a [San-Gorou] or [Sanji] Character with 7000 base power or more, can I treat this Character as having a cost of 2 and use the effect of "OP01-047 Trafalgar Law" to play it?

**A:** Yes, you can.


## ST26-005 — Monkey.D.Luffy

**Q:** I activated this [On Play]/[When Attacking] effect twice during the same turn. What will my Leader's base power be in this case?

**A:** In this case, your Leader's base power will be 7000.


## ST27-002 — Catarina Devon

**Q:** After using this [Activate: Main] effect to trash this Character, can I use this [On K.O.] effect to draw 1 card?

**A:** No, you cannot. Trashing this Character using this [Activate: Main] effect is not considered a K.O.


## ST27-004 — Sanjuan.Wolf

**Q:** Can I use this Character's effect to give this Character on my field 11 cost or more?

**A:** Yes, you can give this Character 11 cost or more. If you have 28 cards in your trash, this Character will get +7 cost, making it 11 cost.


## ST27-005 — Marshall.D.Teach

**Q:** When this Character is K.O.'d, can I use this [On K.O.] effect to add this card itself to my hand?

**A:** Yes, you can.

**Q:** Can I use this [Activate: Main] effect to K.O. one of my own Characters with a cost of 3 or less?

**A:** Yes, you can.


## ST28-004 — Kouzuki Momonosuke

**Q:** Can I choose the 2 DON!! cards to be returned to my cost area by this [Activate: Main] effect by selecting 1 DON!! card each from two different Characters or from a Character and my Leader, for a total of 2?

**A:** Yes, you can.
